I have a 9 yo son who has ADHD and in the last 6 months has shown major signs of ODD…Our latest incident was me telling him to make sure he put all his baseball stuff back in the bag after he was practicing at home and BAM he took off walking down the street yelling at me..I was like what did I do …so after about 30 min of watching him walk both ways down our street I told him I would call the police to pick him up because it wasn’t safe ..If I ran after him he would just run farther and faster..then when I got him inside he proceeded to tell me over and over that I am a bad mom…I asked him to tell me what a bad mom is and he said that one time you asked me to give the tv remote to you and you asked me to hand you your phone …according to him I make him do everything by asking him to hand me those two things …then I explained to him what a bad mom is he didn’t care so I left and he slammed doors all night coming in and out of his room.
We have started therapy but its hard not to laugh because she wants me to reward him if he keeps the temper under control or does what I ask but the thing is this kid does not care if he does not get the reward ..he seriously does not care about anything lately ..no ipad time …whatever..no lego’s whatever…no baseball fine ..and then when he doesn’t get what he asked for that is an hour or more argument and him unleashing on me and his grandma ..I am an emotional wreck I cant figure out what is gonna help him …I have read the books recommended.. I have tried to put things in to place but I cant even have a conversation with him without him losing it or even focusing on me …I fully felt I had mastered and got under control the ADHD but this ODD is honestly making me feel hopeless for help…any other parents dealing with this …Oh and PS school is also a complete nightmare with him basically sitting there and refusing to do work ..so homework is always a chore every night


Do any ADHD parents notice that their child is LOUD? My son seems to have no volume control when he speaks.LOL um Yes! Not that it’s laughable, but my son is L-O-U-D! I usually tend to just give a gentle one-word reminder (the word “voice”) and then we carry on with our conversation. He’s gotten better with one-on-one conversations, but if you put him with a group of kids and there is no quieting him. But if I’m reading the situation and none of the other kids seem to mind AND he’s being social, playing AND making eye contact with his peers then I don’t address his volume.

Hi everyone,
So my son is 4 years old he has seen a pediatrician who said your son has adhd but sent us to a pediatric psychiatrist to help us with my sons anxiety and make a diagnosis. My son acts out of control at times to the point we cannot calm or console him. From melt downs to so hyperactive hes like the flash and all over the place. Sometimes he can be calm and is such a loving boy. His energy level is soooo high, he goes and goes and goes, he gets very aggressive if something isnt his way or he gets overwelemed, he hits, punches, has kicked his brother in between the legs multiple times causing my poor 2 year old lots of pain… many times we go in stores he runs off you can control him at all, he will go to the ballon section at the flower n gift section at say safeway or save on foods and throw all the balloons around no matter how hard i try to pull him away or get mad he cant help himself, he swings on the shopping carts, runs up and down the aisles. sometimes he gets so worked up he runs around the house goes in the front yard kicks and punches the hedges up front running around the front yard, then on the scooter then running then on the sidewalk hes all over the place.
he screams like a banshee when upset to the point neighbors can hear him and can go for hours long… He has acted out with my grandparents as well.
Once he started kindergarden this year it has been about 3 weeks, and they tell me is very good in class and does not stand out at all. But once he lines up after school with his class you can see all the energy inside him he will kick the air spin around while lined up. Then once we start to leave the school grounds all that energy comes out like a blast. The teacher says he may be holding all the energy inside all day. I do know that if he likes something he plays with or something that really interests him he can be calmer and enjoy it without jumping and moving. My son wont act up in his psychiatrist office he stays so calm and behaves like i have never seen before. Then my son tells me i dont know my nice doctor to know me so i stay calm.
I donno what to make of this. I have 2 other children and my daughter is 10 years old and I have been told by the doctors I am a great mom and i am doing what is right but no matter what i do i cant seem to control his behavior… but im so confused as to why he is calmer in school and at his psychiatrist office but everywhere else he acts out… please give me some insight.PLEASE

We live in Mexico and are from the US originally. Our son is almost 9 and has been taking Ritalin LA 20 mg since he was diagnosed at age 6. The Ritalin helped him a lot but has not been a cure-all. He was diagnosed by a psychiatrist whom we continue to see every two weeks. I never thought he was great, but he seemed better (smarter, saner) than some of the other people we saw.

Our son just started third grade and has been having some problems with concentration and focus in Spanish class, which is in the afternoon. Although the Ritalin LA should last 8-10 hours, it seems to run out or at least begin working less well after 6 hours. He has also been having behavior issues at home in the mornings and evenings.

When consulted about these recent behaviors, the psychiatrist rather abruptly brought up bipolar disorder. He was not saying our son has it; but bringing it up as something to watch out for. He also suggested we give him prozac, which he once suggested before a few years ago. We did not think it appropriate to give our six year old prozac and we still don’t think it appropriate; we don’t like the cavalier way he seemed to regard it (“Don’t worry, it won’t sedate him, it’s not a controlled substance [here], it will ‘sweeten’ his personality.”) Our son is not depressed.

During the bi-weekly visits, our son usually sees the psychiatrist by himself, and they play various video games, supposedly to test/enhance his tolerance.

I would really like to find someone that I have more confidence in than this psychiatrist. Someone who could actually help and advise us, but not talk and talk about things we already know about (he spent 20 minutes explaining co-morbidity to us recently, for example).

To cut a long story to the chase, I’m wondering if people think it would be useful for us to consult a neurologist, or maybe an neurologist that would prescribe but a psychologist or therapist for the family. Or is there any reason to consult a neurologist?

Thank you for any suggestions you can give.

Hi everyone,

My 6 year old son was recently diagnosed with ADHD. The psychiatrist who diagnosed him strongly recommended what he called ADHD coaching or ADHD rehab, which would be provided by an occupational therapist,individually once a week, outside of school hours. The challenge I’m running into is that none of the providers he recommended, or indeed any of the other therapists I have contacted, have any openings for after school hours. They have daytime openings, but loooong waitlists for after school times. I just feel like I’m hitting my head against a brick wall–we live in Austin, TX where there are a multitude of providers! We have a lot of connections here & I have reached out to everyone I know, including family therapists, the sand play therapist who worked with my son before the diagnosis, and I keep coming into this same roadblock regarding scheduling. Is there an angle, idea, or resource I am missing? He was diagnosed about 3 weeks ago and the doctor felt that it was imperative he start treatment immediately & we agree. I believe it would be counter productive to disrupt his school schedule, just when he’s getting used to it. I would appreciate any suggestions from more experienced parents! Thanks!

Hello,
Do any ADHD parents notice that their child has obsessive interests? My son watched the Lion King several months ago, and ever since he has been OBSESSED with lions…talking about them, drawing them, etc. Before that it was something else. He’s not on the autism spectrum, but he’s always become intensely interested in a subject. I guess this is the part of ADHD that is the hyper-focus part?Hi, sorry I’m not an ADHD parent but an ADHDer, I have had obsessive interests since childhood continuing until now (I’m 21). When I was younger I would watch the same DVD’s so many times over that I could repeat every single word. When I was about 9 or 10 I watched Happy Feet so many times that I even learned the Spanish lines spoken by the Spanish penguins and even started to teach myself Spanish. From there I became so intensely interested in Spain and Spanish that I wrote a 56 page story (unfinished) which was set in a fictional universe called “Stain”, in which I had certain characters speak Spanish.
… Yeah haha I’m sure you will get responses from ADHD parents, but wanted to share my perspective also.

Is there anyone out there who has ADHD in their family and then suspected it in another child even as young as a year old? My husband and 11 year old daughter are both diagnosed. Both of them have had sleep issues their whole lives. We now have an 11 month old who i suspect may have it in his genes as well. What I want to know is, has anyone else found that all the regular sleep training info that’s out there for babies just DOES.NOT.WORK. with a baby who potentially has an ADD brain?
Here’s our story:
Baby had colic at 3 weeks, which lasted for only about 2 months, but it felt like forever. He needed constant motion to sleep and even that didn’t always work. My husband and I took turns carrying him around the block in the front pack. Later, he ended up sleeping in a swing until he was about 9 months old. During that time, he needed swaddling, loud white noise, lots of rocking/bouncing/shushing and then the swing. All night long.
Now, he is SOOOOO much easier, but still, we struggle.
At 11 months, he takes 1-2 naps, usually 30-40 minutes long, though sometimes we get lucky and he’s so exhausted he will sleep for 2 hours. He goes to bed around 7/8pm with a bottle. He “soothes” himself to sleep on our bed by rolling around while I sit there quietly. Once asleep, I move him to his crib. He sleeps there for a few hours, but ends up in bed with me for the rest of the night after his late night feeding. He does sleep about 11/12 hours a night with usually only a few wake ups.
I’m getting ready to wean him from the bottle, and subsequently any night feedings.
He is currently refusing naps unless we go in the car-which is not a sustainable plan. Sometimes we use the stroller, but only if I’m desperate, and even then he will only sleep for about 20 minutes.
Anyone else out there with diagnosed older kids and younger siblings suspected? How did you tackle baby sleep?
For the record, I refuse to let him cry it out (it doesn’t work anyway, he just gets so riled up that he starts coughing and gagging). He has a pacifier and loves it. He also has a “lovey” but it doesn’t seem to help at all with sleep.
Thanks in advance.

Hi,

My name is Devon Frye, and I’m ADDitude’s resident reporter (https://www.additudemag.com/contact-us/additude-team/), looking for subjects for an upcoming story for ADDitude’s fall issue. The story is going to be focused on the under-training of primary care doctors and pediatricians in diagnosing and treating ADHD, and I’m looking for some personal stories to round it out.

If you or your child struggled to get a diagnosis, or felt that your primary care doctor didn’t understand ADHD or mental health in general, I would love to hear from you. If you’re interested in being interviewed, or would like further information about the story, you can either reply to this post or send me an email at devon@newhopemedia.com. (Email is preferred, though I’ll respond as quickly as possible in either scenario.) In most cases, I’ll ask you a few questions over email, then set up a phone interview for sometime in the next few days if I think you’ll be a good fit. I’d estimate that the phone interview would take about an hour of your time, and I’d be happy to schedule it for whenever is most convenient for you.

Thanks! I look forward to hearing from you.

–Devon Frye (https://www.additudemag.com/author/devon-frye/)

So we had our annual IEP meeting today. 1st meeting at new Charter school. First off, we L-O-V-E the school. The real time accommodations and communications have been terrific.

I never realized the things that were missing from my child’s IEP. His ADHD diagnosis was never added. Neither was his anxiety disorder. Only “Specific Learning Disability” was listed. The dean caught that quick, and the other diagnosis were added. We had talked about my son’s peer relation issues, inability to read social cues and impulse control. Then very gently, the Dean asks if my son was tested to see if he was on the autism spectrum. I said no. She’d like us to keep it in mind in case other people bring it up now that the social/peer issues are so evident. I said I’d talk to his pediatrician.

But is that were I start? Where do I start? Do I even need to start? Academics are great. Son has issue reading social cues from adults and peers, impulse control, and peer relations. He also has typical symptoms of ADHD. Dean mentioned it because she said when you combine the anxiety, social/peer issues, ADHD, rigid need for structure and the learning disability – signs are pointing to (perhaps) a form of high functioning autism. Any advice would be greatly appreciated!

Hi there,
Our 10 (11 in June) year old son was diagnosed in October with ADHD and severe LDs. He has been in a special education class with partial integration since grade 1. He will be entering middle school (grade 6-8) in September. We recently had an IPRC (Identification, Placement and Review Committee) last month. His exceptionality is Learning Disability with a Placement in Special Education class with more intensive support. We won’t know which school he will be going to until the beginning of May. We haven’t told him yet on his diagnosis as we would like to wait to see which school he will be attending so we can make a relatively easy transition. He talks of going to the local middle school where his friends go. We plan to tell him that he has many strengths and that the local school can’t offer the environment of which he learns so greatly and that he has been accepted into a program where few can get in.

He was also born with a cleft lip and palate so has had speech and language delays. He’s very keen on history and loves his Lego, Minecraft, Star Wars etc. He has numerous close friends and will be doing baseball for the first time.

What suggestions or tips could you provide to for telling our son his ADHD and it be a positive thing. As I mentioned he has been in a special education class since grade 1 so the idea of being in another class won’t be an issue.

Many thanks
This discussion was originally started by user serenitynow in ADDitude’s now-retired community. The ADDitude editors have included it here to encourage more discussion.

 

My son will be 16 soon.  He has always has ADHD and Anxiety.  He is on Concerta 72mg, Guanfacine 3mg and Zoloft 50mg.

He has developed severe anxiety/OCD in the past few weeks.  Does not eat much, does not have many friends and likes to work on his computer in his room most of the time.  I have to make him come out and talk to people in the family.  He seems uncomfortable in his own skin.  Academically, however, he is a straight A honor student.

Hubby takes it personally and thinks he is a strange kid.  I feel alone in helping him.  He has a therapist that he will see tomorrow that is helping a bit.  She is always booked though.

I feel so bad for him and do not know what to do esp. since I feel like a single parent here.

I think his meds need to be changed or reduced. Trying to get appt. with his dr. ASAP.  He is recently done with school and has some camps this summer (SOAR and a coding computer camp).  I want him to go just to get out of this house and away from his dad and be a teen.  I miss his happy self.  I think he feels like the black sheep of the family and I try to tell him how much we love him.

I need advice as I feel alone and do not know what direction to go in.  He is our oldest child.  We have 3 others.  One is a 2 year old that actually helps him come out of his shell.

Advice please!!  Is this just a teen/hormone thing making things worse?  He will be a sophomore in HS next year.

This discussion was originally started by user ur2laugh in ADDitude’s now-retired community. The ADDitude editors have included it here to encourage more discussion.

 

My 13 year old daughter (ADHD-diagnosis), is continually repeating phrases such as, “There isn’t any bugs under the table, I’m fine!”  When she is sitting very still her shoulder raises multiple times, and she also tenses up her face.  She is currently on Vyvanse for her ADHD.  I hate to see her having to repeat phrases and tense up.  She is very anxious at times.  What could be the issue?  What can I do?  Is there a medication (suggestion) for obsessive thoughts and compulsions?  Could the Vyvanse be increasing her anxiety?

This discussion was originally started by user hopper17 in ADDitude’s now-retired community. The ADDitude editors have included it here to encourage more discussion.

 

My eight year old son was just diagnosed with ADHD.  Although I knew this would be the outcome, I felt like I had been punched in the gut.  This lasted for a little while and then the question of “o.k now what do I do?” kept creeping into my head.

Of course I began to do my research, but what do I do now? It will take time for the school evaluation results and third grade is whizzing by.  By the time everything is in place school will be almost over.  I have private and group therapy set up for him, but what do we do as parents.  How do we discipline?  How do we coach him and help him when clearly what we are doing doesn’t work? When his homework doesn’t come home yet again, what do we do?

I have a 9 yo son who has ADHD and in the last 6 months has shown major signs of ODD…Our latest incident was me telling him to make sure he put all his baseball stuff back in the bag after he was practicing at home and BAM he took off walking down the street yelling at me..I was like what did I do …so after about 30 min of watching him walk both ways down our street I told him I would call the police to pick him up because it wasn’t safe ..If I ran after him he would just run farther and faster..then when I got him inside he proceeded to tell me over and over that I am a bad mom…I asked him to tell me what a bad mom is and he said that one time you asked me to give the tv remote to you and you asked me to hand you your phone …according to him I make him do everything by asking him to hand me those two things …then I explained to him what a bad mom is he didn’t care so I left and he slammed doors all night coming in and out of his room.
We have started therapy but its hard not to laugh because she wants me to reward him if he keeps the temper under control or does what I ask but the thing is this kid does not care if he does not get the reward ..he seriously does not care about anything lately ..no ipad time …whatever..no lego’s whatever…no baseball fine ..and then when he doesn’t get what he asked for that is an hour or more argument and him unleashing on me and his grandma ..I am an emotional wreck I cant figure out what is gonna help him …I have read the books recommended.. I have tried to put things in to place but I cant even have a conversation with him without him losing it or even focusing on me …I fully felt I had mastered and got under control the ADHD but this ODD is honestly making me feel hopeless for help…any other parents dealing with this …Oh and PS school is also a complete nightmare with him basically sitting there and refusing to do work ..so homework is always a chore every night

My 9 yo son that has adhd has recently become more defiant as in saying NO for things I ask him to yelling at me telling me he’s not going to do something and just really mean verbally..but 5 min later when my patience is worn out comes and wants to talk nicely or cuddle..He also is just lying alot and getting into cabinets and things that have nothing to do with him..I see him doing these things ask him why did he do this or that and he lies about it or it turns into a yelling match…Is it just the age ? Is it school starting?? I don’t know but I am getting pretty worn out by it..and Im fully stressed all the time..any suggestions?

So I spoke to my son’s Dr and he agrees my son is showing signs of ODD …and maybe behavioral therapy will help …BUT I have tried therapy before and it is basically an adult in the room asking my son questions and my son giving one word answers or them playing a board game or outside game with my son and again one word answers and I basically paid 20.00 for an hour of me reading …we have even tried interactive therapy for us together and that was a big bomb too …I have started reading The Explosive child and I think that could help me but last night I even just tried to ask him questions about his homework so I could help and BAM out came the yelling back talking and NO’s ending with the door slam and being told he wants a new mom ..which hurt me to no end and I basically cried the rest of the night out of hurt and just plain frustration
I am wondering does anyone have any actual therapist that worked and what their methods were …I would literally have to bring one to my house at night or tape what happens in order to show them what REALLY happens
Hello,
I’m wondering if there is any research or advice on dealing with potential ADHD in a child as young as 3 years old. My DS4 began at a new daycare the in September. Since then, I have received multiple calls from daycare regarding his behavior. Things like “he won’t listen, he has left the building, he is throwing all the papers on the floor, he has ripped books.” When the teacher gives him a timeout he either laughs or runs away. We have noticed this out of control behavior at home, but we have been able to manage. We have been down this road before, since our oldest has ADHD/ODD, just formerly diagnosed at age 8 and taking Intuniv. Daycare has asked me to pursue additional help. They have stated that they are not giving up, but they need help finding something that will work. My husband and I have come to terms that eventually we will be getting an ADHD diagnosis for DS4, but we are not quite ready for medication, etc. Is it even possible to know at 3 and a half that he has ADHD, and if so, what next steps should we take? Side note: we’ve noticed other issues, such as tags being bothersome, needing the Velcro on his shoes in a certain spot, no volume control to his voice, and regression in potty training. To me, this all points to ADHD. So, what next?? Please help this tired Momma!!!
Kind of long post… Yesterday we had a family birthday party. At the birthday party, they allow you to pick a pumpkin. There were two giant pumpkins. When my 9 yo ADHD/ODD son (on Intuniv ER) asked for a giant pumpkin I told him he could have it if he could get it to the van. Knowing my son, this meant he would figure out a way. He then asked my nephew, who is a father and was helping another cousin with a large pumpkin, to help him. My nephew teased him basically saying he wouldn’t. This caused my son to have a fit, and tip over the wheelbarrow holding a large pumpkin. I know this is completely wrong behavior. However, he doesn’t like to be embarrassed and he really was just asking for help. We are trying to work on him handling these emotions, but we are new to this. Any way, another guest witnessed this and stated to my brother-in-law that my son “should be beat” I know he meant spanking, but I am still so bothered by this. As the “10 Things People Say…” article says, spanking will not help this situation. I am so bothered by this, that today I would like to send him a private message telling him that his comment is very hurtful. Obviously, we have tried every punishment imaginable spanking, timeouts, removing privileges. None of this has worked and has only made his ODD worse. We only started meds in April, and we are working on him gaining confidence and trust that he is not a BAD kid. We have made huge improvements and we know we have a long way to go. So, how do I reach out to this friend to educate him? Or, do I chalk it up to being un-educated and move on? I’m tired of feeling like I can’t go anywhere, because these comments are always made… It hurts.

I am a single parent of an 11 year old boy who has ADHD combined type. He does take medication (Focalin XR 25mg) once in the morning primarily to help him focus at school. At home is a different story, recently he has been caught looking up pornography online. He is no longer able to use his tablet or go on the computer. Last week he tells me he has a girlfriend from school. We discussed my expectations regarding his girlfriend. He knew the right answers to my questions which made me feel a little better and less uneasy about the situation. Today his teacher calls me to tell me that his girlfriend’s mother went to the school and told her that my son called their house at 3 Am. I’ve tried to structure his life, made social stories, checklists, behavior charts without much success. How do you teach a child about being considerate, having a conscience, to appreciate what others do for you, about shame and embarrassment, be respectful etc. I don’t think any of the previously mentioned techniques I tried will help me to do that. I don’t know how I can help him and quite frankly, I’m almost ready to give up. I get so frustrated that I start to yell at him which I know is more harmful than good. He has no sense of shame or embarrassment, and is totally clueless about how to interact in socially acceptable ways. He will argue and make silly excuses to avoid doing things I ask of him and even flat out refuse to take my advise or listen. Please advise. Thanks in advance.

Does anyone need to learn about shame and embarrassment?
These are difficult emotions that arise in us. Everybody feels all emotions. Sometimes what we feel bad about, others don’t. Those are differences and they are there in any two people. Husband-wife, mother daughter, father-son.

May be your child needs to learn right from wrong. In general or as per your standard. That is ok. All children need to. We too did when we were young and still sometimes do.

Connect more with your child. Playing board games together helps us connect. Find what works for you.

Use one liners. They work great for me.
I repeat ‘we don’t do that dear’ for many things. It took some time but he listens after that one liner better.

As he is growing up, connection and praise work better for me than other strategies. These are definitely not quick. However I’m sure they will be great for the years to come.

Refrain from yelling.
Take care of yourself. Fill ur cup first. Let love flow easily from your heart.

Good luck!
It’s driving our entire family crazy. My 11-year-old daughter with ADHD-inattentive will always answer, “I don’t know” to any question that requires her to make a choice. Even with simple questions where we’re trying to give her what she wants such as, “Do you want to watch this movie or go for a bike ride?” she’ll always answer “I don’t know.” She is very sweet and sensitive and often willing to give up her own desires for others, but she needs to be able to express her own opinion and preferences. Even asking her why she says, “I don’t know,” just leads to another “I don’t know.” How can we help her get past this?

Hi, I have an 8 year old son with an exceptionally high IQ however he displays many traits and symptoms of ADHD. After many years of alternative therapy and treatments his teachers and I have discussed taking him to. Paediatrician for a formal diagnosis. I’ve had my head in the sand for a long time, I’ve been worried about the stigma but it’s at a point where it’s affecting everybody.

He can’t work in a group at school and asks to sit alone as his head is too busy and he can’t concentrate – his words. He is very disorganised, always loses things, get so frustared easily and flies off the handle very quickly. He can get into a rage over simple things and can trash his room and have a meltdown then 20 mins later be completely normal again.

He is very negative, glass half full mentality, and has a very bad attitude. He doesn’t like when things don’t go his own way. He is often perceived as lazy by those around him, friends, his football coach, afterschool carer, extended family etc I am always told he has so much potential but doesn’t make any effort.

He has two younger brothers aged 5 and 3 and often atagonises them and causes trouble with them and sets a bad example. The house is a lot calmer when he is not here.

He also often poos in the shower and pushes it down the drain and lies about it to us, is becoming a problem. He’s nearly 9. He says that it’s because he doesn’t want to get out of the shower to use the toilet. Please help me – is this a common symptom of ADHD, I am struggling to deal with the poo issue and on top of everything else I feel like I’m drowning. I love him so much but often don’t like him.

Where do I start?

Thank you xxx
Hi all- I’m new to this group and so appreciative of reading many of the posts. My heart is breaking for our 5yo daughter, and any support is appreciated.

She has tested as both highly gifted and ADD, so I am very aware of emotional regulation, overexcitabilities, etc, but I am struggling. I spend hours upon hours reading and researching, trying to eat super specific and clean diets, taking a biomedical approach to helping treat the cause of some of the symptoms, and tons of hours trying to use positive parenting and positive attention, but I am hugely failing.

Our daughter, much like most of yours I’m guessing, is so passionate, creative, dedicated, and loving, but also incredibly intense, relentless, and emotional. I found a great therapist to help both our daughter, and my husband and me in supporting her, but we won’t start until next month.

I feel like I am failing her as a parent. I see her self-esteem whittling away; she’s turned perfectionistic about her art (one of her passions), much more aware of others’ looks/remarks whether they are there or not, saying ‘what’s wrong with me’/’something is wrong with me’ and incredibly clingy with only me. My heart breaks for her, but I’m also exhausted. I try to tell her all day long how incredible she is and how much I love her, but then, after giving her positive attention (special outings, reading together in my bed before bedtime, etc), she throws these tantrums begging for more, and I cannot take it! It drives me nuts that she just wants more and more, and I don’t know if this is ADD or me being a terrible parent.

Bedtime has become a huge struggle. We do have a routine and always have, but she will come out of her room multiple times asking for us to snuggle longer, to lay in our bed, or anything to get more attention, and it turns into a crying battle (in which I usually lose my patience and we all go to bed feeling heartbroken).

I don’t know what I’m looking for, really. I guess just to vent, so thank you. I love her SO dearly, but cannot at all relate to how her mind works and am trying endlessly to help her feel great about herself. I just feel exhausted and like I am failing miserably.

Hi all! I need your feedback!

I’m in a venture of manufacturing a Weighted Vest/ compression vest for children with special needs/ADHD. But I want everyone’s feedback on what is important to them in such an item. So please, if you purchase, use or know anyone who has such an item….I would really love your feedback in “what is ultimately important to you in this item” for your child. Lets help build a better product!

– Is micro-adjustable fit important? How important is it to have it be adjustable tightness?
– Would you like to purchase these as a S, M, L size and each size have micro adjustments? or will a one-size-fits-all be just as good?
– How important is build material? Do you prefer all natural materials only? Is “sweat resistant” (treated) important?
– Is it being “washable” important to you?
– Do you have your child wear this item under their clothing, or over it?
– If over clothing….How important is style/trend/colors? Would you like to see solid colors? prints? trendy styles? Would you like the vest to “not look like a obvious weighted vest”?
– Would you prefer the weighted vest be adjustable weights, or a “one weight” per size?
– What’s more important….the fact that the vest is weighted….or that it is compressed/snug against the body?
– is product “cut” important? Prefer the vest to sit at the waist? Arm holes large or more snug/small? Neck hole size large or more compressed and small?

Any other feedback not listed above, we want to know! Lets us know!

My child, A, is four and a half and was recently diagnosed with ADHD, ODD, and possible sensory processing issues (waiting for OT consult). I am a single parent and an elementary school teacher. I have a very dysfunctional extended family that I purposely live 600 miles away from!
I feel so incredibly out of my depth with this child. He is extremely intelligent (dr’s words, not mine lol) and has a superior vocabulary (also dr’s words). He is exceptionally active and has not slept well since the day he was born. He typically gets up around 4-4:30am and goes to bed at around 8. I am exhausted and emotional. A is very emotional as well, and is prone to emotional outbursts and tantrums over anything, or nothing. He seems so anxious all the time and I feel so GUILTY all the time because I don’t know how to help him. I can’t really afford therapy right now, but I should be able to in the next couple of months. I am terrified of putting him on medication but I am more terrified of continuing to live this way. He is destructive, violent, and mean when he’s angry but is the sweetest, most nurturing child I’ve ever met when he’s calm. I have two questions:
1. How do I deal with the guilt I feel over not being the parent to him that he needs??
2. What can I do to help him??
Thank you for any guidance, advice, or kind words you can offer. I am beyond frustrated and scared.
I am a longtime reader of articles here, but new to the community. My son (now 9) was diagnosed with ADHD when he was in kindergarten, and he had minor relationship issues with other kids when younger, but it has gotten worse.

We moved to this new house in June of 2016, shortly after his sister was born, and we thought that having 3 other boys nearby of the same age would be great for him. Over the course of the school year, he had some struggles, many of the kids and moms just not really understanding his eccentricities, and texting me with issues he had caused, or actions that led them to believe he was having trouble in school (which he never has, he is one of the top in his class, has always been). Nothing was ever very bad, or so I was led to believe.

This summer, the fit has hit the Shan. Near the end of the school year, I started getting texts from other mothers saying that Logan was being aggressive, mean, bullying their kids (mostly a younger boy – age 5). We had conversations with our son and stepped up his appointments with his therapist.
3 weeks ago, there was an incident on a Friday night, when he had been at his friend’s house after dark, apparently playing on their trampoline (which we would not have allowed in the dark), with their boys and another boy (ages 9, 10 and 5). Logan came home with his shorts inside-out and we immediately went into protective parent mode. We pressed him for information, finally, after 30 minutes or so, being told that he was playing a “pantsing” game (which he knew was wrong, let’s he would have told us from the start). I contacted the other mother to have her tell me her sons had said they were playing it as an innocent game and that no one touched anyone, everyone had on underwear, and it was all in fun and that she explained why it should not have been done. So we had the same talk with Logan and let it go. The next day my son was allegedly a bit aggressively bully-like toward the 5 year old, and disrespectful toward the mother, causing another text to be sent to me. Later that night, there was a birthday party at a pool, and my husband made the mistake of arriving drunk… leading to some parents wanting their kids away from him, and the lifeguards calling the police to escort him out. My husband apologized the next day to everyone he had numbers for, and immediately started to try to make amends.

The rest of that week, my son pretty much wasn’t able to get anyone to play with him, suddenly, and decided to stay home. Then, we left for vacation. Our 2nd day of vacation, we received a text from the same mother, who said her 5 year old had been “trying to tickle everyone’s private parts” and when asked where he learned that, he told her he learned it from Logan, that Logan had tickled him “there (pointing)” that night on the trampoline.

We immediately flipped out and told her we would have a talk with Logan and figure out what to do, making sure to tell his therapist. Our entire trip was pretty somber after that, as we struggled to figure out what he had done and if it were true, etc. By the time we arrived home, we had decided to keep him from playing with any children without supervision and not allow any sleepovers until we had figured things out, because if this were true… where did OUR son learn it?!?!?!

Tuesday morning, we awoke to find that CPS had stopped by and we had been reported for neglect and possible abuse!!!!
That afternoon, the caseworker stopped by and told us everything that was in the report.
Some of it we were aware of, and explained to her about the ADHD (her son has it too and is 10, so she understood). But… things were brought up that we had never even heard of!! An example being that she had claimed our son choked another neighborhood child!!! Why would that child’s mother never have told us?! I’m sorry but if my child is choked by your child, you damn straight will be hearing about it!!!
Anyway… she not only brought up things that I had explained to her before (like the only reason I don’t always know where he is, is because he tells me he is going to friend’s house and forgets to come tell me if he goes to another house – and we had been working on that, to the point of possibly getting him one of those phone watch devices), as well as the things we had never heard of (including that he trick or treated alone on last Halloween – which… he left with a kid and came back with a kid, so, to our knowledge he was with that boy the whole time – and our neighborhood is small and safe, it’s why we chose to live here), and eve using my medical struggles against me (fibro and spinal stenosis, degenerative disk disease and chondromalacia patella)!!

Now, due to her chatter and this action, our family is basically ostracized in the group of neighbors we were friends with.

I will add that the caseworker told us that she feels the case is unfounded and that it will be dismissed.

How can we explain to the ignorant, that it is not a parenting fail that causes the actions? That we just need to get our child more help?! That we are really TRYING and not neglecting?

I am so lost right now and my heart hurts.
My son may never be seen the same in school, and we all feel out of place in a home we once felt was perfect for us.
Aside from wanting to know if anyone else has dealt with anything like this… how do you address something like this with your child?
Should I be worried about this?
He swears up and down to me that he never touched the boy that way, that the tickling didn’t even happen on the same night as the pantsing game, and that they were having a tickle fight that may have caused him to accidentally miss where he was aiming but if he did, he was not aware.

*sigh*
What should I do?
Are there resources for this sort of thing?
Thank you for reading, in any event.

Kids with ADHD typically have horrible impulse control. My experience with my son is that most often when he demonstrates “aggressive” behavior it’s either out of frustration or because other kids have pushed his buttons too many times and he doesn’t have the maturity to handle the situation without lashing out. They also tend to be several years behind in maturity which contributes to impulsivity and poor decision making. To be honest, I don’t let my son go to other homes for play dates unless it’s with parents I know extremely well, and who I know understand his challenges. I prefer to have him play in our home with friends so I can monitor (on the sly of course) what’s happening and intervene if I hear play that could potentially escalate or cause an issue. Should an average 9yr old be able to play more independently, of course. But I think the situation is different for kids with ADHD. I also know the triggers for my son that have the potential to cause behavior problems such as being hungry, overtired, overstimulated, etc. Those triggers are different for every kid, but when you recognize it, then you can plan/decine playtime with other kids accordingly. I am not by any means judging or saying you don’t monitor your son, I am just suggesting that in my experience kids effected by ADHD need a bit of “helicopter parenting” because they don’t have the social/emotional skills yet to help them navigate friendships the way another child their age would. For my son, structure is a pretty important factor and limiting the amount of time he stays at a friend’s house helps as well – his ability to remain calm and relaxed has an expiration so I know for us play dates shorter than 60-90min are going to be the most successful for him. I realize this all makes me sound very controlling, but I’m honestly not that way with most things and I am much more relaxed with his younger brother. Thru trial and error I’ve just found this makes life easier for all those involved, including my son. The more successful he is with friendships, the greater his confidence. If your son is seeing a therapist who knows everything that is going on and is not continually offering you tips and possible solutions then I would look for a new therapist who can offer you more. It also sounds like you have a lot going on with your own health, and parenting a child with ADHD is exponentially more stressful than parenting the average child so I would suggest you seek out a support group for yourself that will help you manage your own stress which will in turn help you cope better with the challenges you face with your son and his peers. It’s not an easy road but continuing to make changes and take baby steps in new directions can make it more manageable. Best wishes to you and your family.

’m so sorry you are going through this. The good news is that the case worker is open-minded and very understanding of ADHD.

I think you’re on the right track with seeking counseling. Unfortunately, you cannot trust kids with ADHD to tell the whole truth — they seem more prone to saying anything to try not to get into trouble. At least that’s very true for my son. So, I wouldn’t question him any more about the events of that night, but start counseling and let the therapist get to the bottom of it and work on it (of course, they’ll let you know what parents should be doing too). And, I agree that more supervision during play is warranted, at least for the time being.

Remember, your 9-year-old is really 6 or 7 developmentally.



You sing the song of my people!! You are NOT alone in having CPS called on you It has happened to us multiple times and the school has been the WORST offender! Our son has an IEP and we are in constant contact, but we still get turned in for the things he says, bruises he has, etc…its crazy.

You are on track with getting a psychologist for him. We did that. Honestly? the psychologist is more for us! However, if even a little sinks in and helps him then thats a bonus. He is 12 now, and CBT is just now beginning to have an effect. The ADHD kiddo takes a looooooong time to mature. He will get there and so will yours. We also have an ODD diagnosis and high functioning autism, but even the psych says that ADHD is ‘driving the boat’ when it comes to behavior. I would also suggest a social skills group for him to help him learn how to read body language and signals from other kids. Kids will always take instruction from a teacher/therapist more readily than their parents!

And as for the ignorant, get used to it and learn to ignore them. I’ve adopted the attitude that anyone else looking in on our situation and judges can just go jump. I honestly don’t care what anyone else thinks. you are doing the best you can for your child and you are obviously a good mom! Don’t let anyone ever make you feel any different. Parenting these kids is exhausting.

And having a psychologist on board helps keep CPS off your back to. Once the realize the depth of our issues and the lengths we go to to help our son, the case gets closed. However, we did get a newbie case worker once and I wanted to throttle her. She actually demanded to see that we had running water and food in the fridge. Now, keep in mind, we live in a nice house, the electricity was obviously on, etc…Just keep your cool when they want to come in and if you ever have to deal with CPS again, NEVER let them interview your child alone. Its too risky with the ADHD kiddo. They can try and make up something they think will help but could end up opening an whole new can of worms. They may tell you they have to interview alone, but this is a minor child and you are entitled legally to be there. IF they claim it can’t be you then tell them they will have to wait until you have legal representation. Don’t mess with these people. They make HUGE mistakes all. the. time……