It sure feels like I do. I didn't really even think about PPD until today. 4 months after delivering my son. All natural. So what's the big deal then? Well that's just it. I can't seem to find the root of why I've been just so down lately. I do have anger and depression issues that I've never been diagnosed for. I also suffer from anxiety in my work environment. Which ironically I just quit my job because I was pretty miserable. Funny because not even a month after giving birth I was ready to jump back into the real world again. Maybe I jumped the gun too soon? I don't know. My fiancé is doesn't do emotions. Anytime I get emotional he shuts me out making everything 10x harder for me. I have no friends, and no family to talk to. I honestly don't know what to do. I feel like I fail at being a mom, fail at work, and just cannot seem to do anything right. I know there are others out there that have it way worse than I do...but I'm seriously struggling with thoughts of wanting to self-harm. All I want to do is breakdown and cry, but I refuse to let my significant other see me shitfaced for the 100th time. So...Yeah. Thanks for listening I guess.


Sometimes (a lot of times) this disease is fucking brutally lonely, and it feels like there's no one who understands or who isn't uncomfortable talking about mental health. And the darker and slightly warped experiences... those are hard to control, hard to describe, hard to stop. So I guess what I'm saying is that even if there is someone willing to listen, someone who's not getting paid to listen to you, it's still gonna be ridiculously hard to find the right moment or the right words to help them understand. Even harder to express what kind of help you need in that moment. I highly recommend paying someone to listen to you, though. However, finding a practitioner who you connect with and who also takes your insurance is often a journey in itself... I need to find someone to talk to about the anxiety, fear and insomnia that been gripping me/plaguing me/suffocating me lately. I have far too many years of experience with anxiety, depression and the mania they trigger to not recognize the signs. My PPD with my first child threw me for a flippin' hell of a loop. Second kid experience has been a good deal better. Birth was redemptive, lots of love and support in the hospital room, ultimately succeeded in having the birth I wanted... but here we are a few months in and I can feel myself spiraling. I'm waiting for practitioner recommendations from someone I know in the local PPD community, but I'm scared of getting too bad before I can get to them. I've tried so many different counselors, LPCs, nurse practitioners, talk therapists, tried so many different meds. I'm a little fried from it all. So is there anyone out there that knows this fear and dread and can help me stave the mania until I can get an appointment in? Simple coping mechanisms? Articles you've enjoyed on the subject? Internet hugs are accepted and appreciated as well.


So my son is now one year old and my wife has struggled with PPD pretty much this whole year. She has good days and bad days. She went to a doctor for treatment but she only say her about 2-3 times and she said the doctor told her she was fine and didn't need any more treatment. She seems to be getting worse and I have suggested numerous times that she seeks more treatment or that we go together. She seems receptive and recognizes that there is a problem, but she won't make an appointment (it's always she forgot or didn't have time, etc.). She is working full time and we have full time childcare from a nanny and my mother while we are at work. On a regular basis she doesn't have any issues. She shows interest in the baby, smiles, I hear her talking to him about how cute he is and how much she loves him, etc.
But then there are days like this weekend when we were supposed to go with some friends to a Broadway show and she just wouldn't get herself up to go and we had to cancel the whole trip. I tried talking with her and seeing what was going on and it was more of the same of being tired or just sad, etc. I asked her if she wanted me to just take the baby out and let her be alone for a while and that's what I did. She got better later in the day and took off work yesterday to spend the day with her friend who was in town.
Today I got up for work (she's usually up before me) and she was still asleep. I took the baby to my mom's house and went to work. I just called her and she didn't go to work.
I'm getting more and more worried every day and I don't really know what to do. I can't force her to get help and I am literally doing everything I can to make her have less to deal with (cooking, cleaning, grocery shopping, changing diapers, bed time, baths, etc.). I don't know if that is the right thing to do and I'm really getting worried. I also don't think that that she would ever hurt our baby, but I can't deny that the thought hasn't crossed my mind and it makes me a little nervous to leave him alone with her for long periods (she has never said she had any thoughts about that and I have asked her flat out if when she feels upset if there are any negative thoughts toward him and she says no, only that she feels "disengaged" sometimes). Sorry for the long rambling post but I am very upset and there isn't a lot of information out there other than the obvious stuff that I am already doing. I guess the long and short of it is how do I get her to get help if she won't do it on her own?


She has never been a heavy drinker. She hadn't had a drink in over a year and a half prior to giving birth. After she gave birth sense then she has done nothing but start drinking hard liquor as soon as my brother in law gets home, saying its your turn. It is causing stress on the family. Any advise or suggestions is appreciated.

My sister is 18 and just had a baby on the 20th. My family thinks she has postpartum depression, but she won't go to the doctor. Her 6 week appointment is still 5 weeks away, and I'm afraid for her to wait that long. I doubt that even if she does tell her ob/gyn, she will do anything to help herself. I'm in desperate need of advice and suggestions.


My daughter was born two weeks ago. It seems like my wife may have been in an afterglow for a few days following delivery. But she has been pretty emotional, overwhelmed by many things, crying often. She broke down earlier and said that she thinks having a child was a big mistake and that she doesnt want to do any of it (meaning taking care of baby). Says shes angry, everyone tells her how beautiful the baby is and she just wants nothing to do with it.
Shes not been sleeping well at all, not eating much, is pretty irritable, and this is while on paid leave, with my mother-in-law staying with us to help take care of the kid for the first few weeks (so no real financial stressors and with assistance from momduring the day when Im at work.
I suspect that shes come down with postpatrum depression. I am going to take monday off and go to the doctor with her for this.
Is there any particular medications that you have found helpful for postpartum


My wife and I welcomed our new bundle of joy to the world this past Saturday! And while we're both thrilled, the last 24 hours or so have really taken a toll... I fear she is going down this road (postpartum). She has had anxiety/depression prior to pregnancy and while she quit all of her meds and did GREAT throughout the pregnancy, those "demons" seem to be coming back. After talking, I've been doing research on what is SAFE for her and our baby (she's breastfeeding and doing great at it) but I can't really get any 'clear cut' answers. I'm the type where I tell her "don't think about it and you won't have it" but obviously that is NOT the answer... Any advice would be greatly appreciated. - Newbie Daddy

I dont know the abbreviations for any of the terms used in these forums, but I really need some help. I dont know if I should talk to my doctor or not. I Suffered post partum depression with my second child. I am now pregant with my 3rd child ( 15 weeks) and I am having the same feelings. I am either crying or Extremely pissed off, mad for no reason. I know I am taking my anger out on my oldest (6years) by yelling at her for the littlest things, never hitting her tho. But simplest things like her asking the same question twice, my response is to yell at her. My husband, I am always mad at also for no reason. I pick fights with him for no reason whatsoever. I know I am doing these things but I cant stop. At night I am so exhausted but all I can do is lay in bed and cry ( to the point I am hyperventilating) because I feel like the worse person in the world and That i do not deserve to be a mom. Sometimes I feel like it would be better if I didnt live... although I have never actually thought through a suicide... Just the fact that everyone else might be better. I guess my question that I need help with is this depression of just my hormones? I read about depression and the tell tale symptom is not functioning, not wanting to get out of bed. Well I do get out of bed everyday and go to work full time plus keep the house clean, I just wake up everyday hating life. I dont want to talk to my doctor and have him tell me "oh its just hormones" and look like I am over reacting. But I also read that this kind of stress is also bad for the baby... And that worries me. I am so lost and do not know what to do.


I'm almost 4 weeks pp and the past 3 weeks I have been feeling like this. I started out just crying alot and now I'm just really angry. Most of the time I contemplated on just packing my bags and leaving and getting a divorce. My husband is helping me the best he can but I just keep lashing out on him. I would never hurt my baby but I'm just tired of feeling this way and idk what to do.


I realize how ridiculous this sounds, but I have extreme worry about my 4 month old having autism. To the point that I can't even see straight. He (baby boy=higher risk of autism) was born after a complicated pregnancy (risk factor), DH and I are nearing 40 (risk factor), I was induced, with plenty of pitocin (risk factor) & when he was born he has a high pitched cry (there was a well ventilated story about this in the media around 2012). So in my mind, it all adds up to a for-sure case of autism. Now, nevermind that baby is doing what he should at this age (smiling, cooing, etc). Nor can anyone detect autism in a four month old! Also, nevermind that if this baby did have autism we would do whatever we needed to do for him to reach his full potential. But this is making me nuts. Could this be a postpartum mood issue? I think about it a lot & it really makes me sad that I'm not enjoying this little one.


I have made a variety of bad choices in my life. I married two sex addicts, one I divorced and one I am separated from. I have two children from my first marriage and a 3 month old baby from my second. I have struggled with depression since I was probably 12 years old (I'm 32). I have been in and out of therapy. I recently started to suspect that I have ADD, meeting virtually all of the symptoms I can find for adult women. My older kids are 5 and 7.  I am totally disorganized. My house is a wreck. I am sad all the time. I am angry and irritable. I don't trust my husband. He has been abusive to me but I have also been really abusive to him. I am at the point where I am recognizing how immaturely and recklessly I have behaved and I am just feeling like an unfit mother. I smoked throughout my last pregnancy and I feel horrible for it. I can't cope and I have drank at times in the last few weeks even though my baby is breastfeeding. My 7 year old has not been able to participate in some school activities because I've lost permission slips or neglected to follow through on things she needs. Her schoolwork is suffering and I feel impatient and borderline emotionally abusive when I help her because I am at such a loss as to how to get her to feel competent--she stares at her homework and guesses and I feel *enraged* when I should feel compassion.  I just feel like a horrible person. I want to ask the fathers of my children to take them and take care of them. I don't want my kids to grow up with a mother who can barely take care of herself, let alone them. I don't want them to suffer the consequences of my immaturity and bad decision making. I feel borderline suicidal but at the same time I hate myself so much for even considering the thought, because I *want my children well and happy* and my immobility and self absorption are intolerable to me. I hate myself more for even thinking about it.


I've had postpartum depression since my 2nd baby was born about 4 months ago. It escalated to the point of crying my eyes out every day and wanting to kill myself or abandon my family. I have a 2 year old toddler and am finding life to be so overwhelming. My doctor recommended I see a therapist and she has helped. The thoughts of wanting to hurt myself and children mostly disappeared. I'm supposed to be taking omega and vit d but it pretty much never happens. I can barely feed myself a meal or brush my teeth, how in the fuck am I supposed to do extra things? Exercise was also prescribed, even a 10 minute walk but when you live somewhere it's -20 and snow taking a stroller of littles out is not feasible. I thought I was feeling better for the month of December but have fallen into the pit of despair and depression since January hit. I hate my life, hate the wife and mother I am, and just want to escape this unhappiness. Running away always sounds like good idea. I lack the motivation to-do the things that make me feel better.


Hi! I'm new to the forum. I posted this in breastfeeding, but now I'm thinking I should have posted this here. I thought my feelings were due to weaning, but I'm wondering if they are not now. Here is what has been going on with me: For the past few months ever since I started very slowly weaning my baby (who is 15 months now) I have been experiencing terrible symptoms of anxiety, depression, major mood swings, fatigue, hot flashes, the most TERRIBLE insomnia, losing hair, uncontrollable moments of crying, feeling of being completely overwhelmed over simple tasks.  I got my first cycle in December and expected to feel better, but I did not. I just recently had one more. I've been to multiple doctors - who have been no help really. One gave me sleeping pills that didn't work and told me I just needed sleep. The other has been a bit more helpful, but said I was just stressed and needed to take time for myself.  I have tried everything there is! I have soaked in Epsom salts, used essential oils, I already eat a healthy balanced diet, I exercise (running and cardio) every other day, I take all kinds of supplements (vit d, fish oil, evening primrose, a good probiotic, etc). I have one cup of coffee a day early in the morning. I wake up at the same time and go to bed at the same time every day (although I lie awake for hours because of the insomnia). I've done everything I have been told to do. I'm 27 and this is my 4th child. I do have a slow thyroid which has been checked 3 times and is perfect. I go to a chiropractor every week. But I am STILL struggling terribly with this! I have no history of depression/anxiety/insomnia. I've never had any of these feelings ever in my entire life! I drink magnesium and an herbal sleepy tea at night which helps a little. I'm just feeling hopeless, defeated, and discouraged. I do have good days too. I think I'm better and then it comes back that night or the next day. I officially weaned my daughter about 3 weeks ago in hopes of that balancing out my hormones. I've just had another cycle, and slept Okay for about a week, but the past few nights I can't fall asleep till 3am and woke up wide awake at 6:30am. Does anyone have any advice or thoughts for me? I have 4 children, so I NEED to be able to sleep. I'm barely functioning! If I knew for sure that it will get better it would help me make it through this, but I'm worried I will struggle with this forever since it's been so long. Please help! My doctor doesn't think an antidepressant will help me, and she doesn't want me to take sleeping pills because of the addiction possibility. I'm just at a total loss! Has anyone been through this so late after a baby? It did all start roughly around her first birthday. Could it be PPD/A? Does PPD get better eventually?


Hey everyone I'm feeling so lost my wife of 2 1/2 years been together for 8 years told me 4 weeks ago she isn't in love with me anymore we have a 4 year old son logan and just had a 5 month lana every since we had lana feels like my wife has been distant and seems like she's more irritable towards our son which before lana she did everything with him and he slept with us for 3 1/2 years in bed. But she came home work and she had a look like a deer in the headlights and told me she's so stressed out all the time and doesn't think it's there for her anymore towards me she says she's been trying for so long to make it work and I should have seen it coming..I'm like No i didn't see it coming just a couple of days before she was telling me how much she loves me and we bought 700 dollars worth of flooring for our trailer I was a wreak after she told me so I went for a drive and she texted me saying come home so we can talk so I did and she said she would put her best foot forward and give it a good try and told me she would go to counseling and try to work it out but I shouldn't get my hopes up because she doesn't think it can be repaired on her end. So I was a wreak after that I was doin every little thing for her which seemed to push her away even more the first night I came home she let me cuddle with her then after that every night she put the baby in between us she is breastfeeding and basically she moved out I have tryed everything everything to get her back no even put 416 pictures together and put it in our sons bag so we she had him she would find them I got no response nothing she is being so cold towards me won't talk to me unless it has to do with the kids I try to bring the baby to the car for her she snaps at me and says she can don't won't let me do anything for her. She won't text me I get one word answers and now she won't try the counselor and if I text her or call she doesn't want to talk unless it has to do with the kids I tell her this doesn't make sense and she says it doesn't have to I love this girl with all my heart I'm feeling so lost how can 8 years of feelings go away and we havnt had sex for like 6 months any input on this. If she does have it will it go away


I am a dad and I am searching for help. I had major ppd with my first son and was prescribed medication, but I had stomach issues so I was under the impression that I was given stomach medication and my doctor gave me a benzo to deal with my anxiety. Long story short I took it for a while, and had horrible withdrawl symptoms coming off of it. I refuse to take anti depressants or benzos this time around because I feel that they made the situation way worse. I can cope and I am not really really bad, but I have low mood and often do cry. I am looking for some support and a natural remedy to lift my mood. This time around I have obsessed with naming my son and I fear that we made the wrong decision because we named him with the same name as a close family member. My wife really liked the name and I kept coming back to it. I think I kept coming back to it because it is a strong "regular" name and my wife likes names that are a little out there. Over the holidays I have had alcohol to try to drown out the low mood, but found that it has just made things worse so I will not touch it for a long time now until I feel back to normal. Is there any support/advice you can give me.


I am a mom to three healthy, beautiful kids...ages 1, 3 and 5. I had them at ages 35, 37, and 39. During the first and third trimesters of this last pregnancy, I had mild anxiety, and panic attacks. The doctor chalked it up to hormones but kept an eye on it and said it should disappear after delivery. Fast forward almost thirteen months and I am a wreck. Sure, I have some good days where I am full of energy, great mood, connected to my kids, etc. But, more days than not, I am tired (am working on getting the baby to sleep through the night) grumpy, irritable, tense...and just feel sort of empty inside. I am not terribly nice to my husband, and often short tempered with the kids. I have seen my family doctor multiple times, complaining of anxiety and tension, fatigue, mild and infrequent heart palpitations, strange split second head sensations, almost like a zap, clenching my teeth constantly, sugar cravings, and each time he gently suggests it is all related to anxiety. In early fall, I went for weeks with stomach issues and everyone kept saying it was depression. I decided to try a low dose of Zoloft but it turned out, it was a parasitic infection, so once I found that out, I stopped the Zoloft...I had only been on it for two weeks. Not to say I wasn't depressed, but that experience has now made me doubt that my physical complaints are truly from anxiety and/or depression. We moved overseas a few years ago and I still haven't adjusted...so I am generally under a chronic level of stress. I feel really afraid and really resistant to getting help, but I don't know why. This is a time in my life when I should be savoring the experience of having little ones, and instead I seem to be obsessed with my health, consumed with thoughts of death...these weird head sensations freak me out...and I am just totally feeling like I am missing out on the rewards of motherhood. Can anyone relate? I just don't know what to do. I am sort of embarrassed to go back to the doctor...again...


Hi all, could really use some support. I feel like I'm falling apart. My beautiful daughter was born in June, and I'm in love with her. She's been a pretty good baby, and her face is pretty much the only thing that makes me happy these days. Since she was born I haven't felt like myself. We recently moved across the country to be closer to family, so we are currently living with my parents. I feel so stressed about finding jobs, getting along with my parents (my dad and husband recently got into a huge yelling fight), having enough money, and every day I regret moving back here (we were in San Diego before). In California my husband and I had stable well-paying jobs, and were happy together. We moved back here by choice, not out of necessity, and I underestimated how difficult and stressful it would be. Now my husband and I fight all the time, and literally have no time just to ourselves to be alone. Ever since my daughter was born I've felt very anxious and angry a lot of the time, and direct it all towards my husband (who is a good guy and is doing everything he can). I'm looking for a job here because we need the money and I would like a sense of identity again, but I also feel anxious and panicked at the thought of leaving my little girl at daycare. As much as I love her and wouldn't trade her for anything, I miss my old life and old self so much. I miss my husband and the way our relationship used to be. Now it's just handing the baby off to one another and fighting whenever we do get a moment together in the car or something. I feel so stressed out and hopeless about the future. Just looking for some positivity. I've suffered depression my whole life, and really hoped I would dodge the postpartum bullet, but looks like I'm not so lucky.


My son is 8 months old and for months after he was born I have had bad anxiety, palpitations, depression and insomnia. I thought it was my heart but they said PPD. If it gets worse I need to stop breastfeeding and go on medication. I'm super upset about this since my son never latched and I have exclusively pumped for him for the 8 months. I just feel so out of it and detached from my baby. I had a hard pregnancy dealing with infertility, losing a baby in utero, hyperemesis, early delivery due to preeclampsia. Would like to know how the medicine worked for other moms with PPD and just need to talk to someone with similar situation.


i am a first time mom and my daughter is now 13 mo old. I started having insomnia/anxiety a few months after she was born and went on Zoloft. I weaned myself off after 6 months but now 3 months later I'm back on it. I just started yesterday and hoping the insomnia will start to get better once it kicks in. Is anyone else on meds for PPD/PPA and would like to share your experience? It's such a lonely place sometimes


I had a large baby 11 pounds 2 ounces 21 inches (he grew two inches at the two week appt.) two weeks past due date and was told that I must have had undiagnosed gdm for a baby that big. He tested low blood sugar but he was tested after crying and a cold foot. My a1c came back at a 5.3 which some say is fine and others say could have masked highs and lows. The other a1c was 5.0. My husband does have a family history of large baby boys my girls were in the low to upper 8 pounds at term just like his family. My son has good muscle tone, smaller chest cir than head, weight spread all over. The puffy face thing I am not sure as he was swollen a little due to being 38 cm head.
My ob says that I did not have gdm just a big baby. My son is still growing in the high 90th percentile four months later. I am just so mad at myself for eating sweets or too much carbs and hurt him. I hate that I will never know for sure if I had gdm. I just wish there was more of a hallmark for what a gdm baby looks like. This was our rainbow baby and I am so upset that I could hurt him for life like cancer. It is hard to do anything around the house for which my husband says is setting a bad example for the kids. I also got mastitis that made me lose my whole milk supply pretty much. I just wish some other medical proffessional could say that he is fine and i did not have gdm. Like I should be cleaning now but all I can do is look for how my a1c compares or I had too much folic acid. I just wanted a normal healthy looking baby and not knowing later in life that i caused some disease for him. It is hard to continue on every day all i do is see the foods i should not eat and how i am messing up the kids with my behavior. I did see help once and she said i put too much on myself but still. Sorry just putting this out here to try to feel better.


At 3 months postpartum after experiencing 3 months of depression when I should be happy.... I finally caved and asked my GYN (who is the wife of my husband's friend, and a mother herself, and I TRUST) for anti-depressants that are safe for breastfeeding in a low dose. It's now been one week of taking 25 mg of zoloft and I feel like a normal person- I know they say it takes 4-6 weeks to really feel the full effect but I swear i was feeling better on day 3. The intrusive depressing thoughts are decreasing, and I feel stable and normal and better able to take care of my baby, her crying doesn't spiral me into depression, I RARELY think of the traumatic birth and spiral into a depression and when i do I'm not emotionally effected by it. The only thing is that I've been feeling nauseous and dizzy and a little more anxious (like while driving or in crowded places) and that started on day 3 of taking it as well... normal? My baby has also been acting more fussy as of 2 days ago, but she's also almost 12 weeks and I suspect has a minor cold/ear infection because she's had a stuffy nose and has been spitting up a lot and batting at her ears- probably just a coincidence with the starting of zoloft. My doctor showed me her books and research on zoloft with breastfeeding and said that it had extremely minor to undetectable amounts in the baby, and that the low dose I'm on would NOT affect her at all. Anyone else taking zoloft and breastfeeding? having side effects ? Does it affect your baby?


Has anyone experienced the suppression of lactation while taking it? I am struggling to produce enough- I pump exclusively, so I know how much I make at each pumping.  I can't function without my 5-HTP, but it seems to be affecting my milk supply.  Anyone else have this happen?  I wish I could switch to formula at this point, but my baby is severely allergic to dairy and soy.  I'm feeling pretty trapped

I downward spiral pretty fast and cannot function at all. I just had my third baby. I had horrible PPD with my first but I was off my meds (under the direction of my OB-gyn who was promptly fired). My second child I did much better. But with #3, at 5 months and no discontinuity in my medication I am really feeling terrible. We have had a lot of changes lately (we moved a year and a half ago) and it is winter which isn't helping but despite continuing with my zoloft, AND doing placenta capsules I am feeling worse and worse. I have good days and bad days but the bad days are getting more frequent. Things are otherwise good with life in general. DD3 is an easy happy baby, I am sleeping ok, financially we are ok, relationship with DH is great. Having 3 at 6 yo and under is hard for sure though but I was able to handle things much better a couple of months ago than I am now. I saw a new doctor who I really liked and is trying to work with me to get this straightened out. He is recommending therapy to supplement medication but since I am nursing there doesn't seem to be a whole lot out there besides zoloft. I really really really do NOT want to wean to switch meds, but on the other hand I can't go on feeling like this. Does anyone else have any experience with this regarding a delayed onset of PPD which isn't responding to medication that was working before?
