My resume looks like the dogs breakfast, half my jobs I left undiagnosed and thinking I couldn't handle the stress. Now I don't feel the stress as heavily and feel competent, but there is a year of no job due to illness. How do I get over that hurdle with prospective employers ?

I'm so pathetically dependent on one person to keep me together. What would I have done last night, all by myself, flashbacks running rampant; No comfort to be found; no reality to cling to; no way to escape? I'd have killed myself by now. I almost did the second I felt partially slighted by this person. I didn't ask for an explanation. I panicked, and I ran out into the dark town, stumbling drunk, half naked, my thick socks soaking up the rain water on the dirty concrete. I didn't even take the time to put on shoes. I sobbed as I sprinted down the road. I heard them call out to me, and ignored them. I began hurting myself. I ran to the nearest gas station bathroom, punching my arms over and over, slamming myself against the walls, smacking my head against the mirror. I wanted to die. I began to head back to them through my brain fog, still punching my arms. By the end of the night I had giant bruises on both of my arms and legs. They would last for weeks. Eventually I returned to the apartment and we talked it out (I misunderstood something I overheard), but after that day I realized how weak I am on my own; how fragile my existence is. I'm on my last leg. The smallest thing will set me up to kill myself. I literally have only one thing in this life keeping me here, and if anything happens to that I'm done. I've been abused all of my life. I've been molested. I've been raped. I have ADD. I have anxiety. I have depression. I have PTSD. Some days are better than others, sure, but they're never good over all. They're never worth it over all, there's just a person within them that makes life worth living.
I don't mean to discourage anyone from living. Please keep doing your best to exist. Life is just frustrating me.

I am exhausted. I work two jobs, technically three. I love my jobs. I don't mind working as much as am--if I don't have to.
My roommate hasn't paid any rent and I've rage about it, my SO is trying to sort it out because I just want to throw the roommate's stuff out into the yard from the apartment balcony.
My SO's mom is dying and he's upset. He's most likely going to be headed out of town to see her. I told him I didn't know what to say and I know I can't fix it but if he needs anything, I'm here for him. But I feel really helpless.
I'm incredibly emotional and tired and fighting back tears and still occasionally crying for no reason.
I have therapy today, so that should help. I decided I'll go to bed early since I don't have to work tonight.
I've made a lot of progress since April with controlling and understanding my emotions. I'm currently in a storm cloud with everything going on, however, and so I'm just trying to not react at all because I know I'm being or will be irrational with some things and lash out. I haven't confronted the roommate yet because I want to throw a soda can at his face. My rage and anger aren't quite under control right now.
I'm just trying to vent a little bit and get it off of my chest before I go into work today.

I have used it a bit before and it helped a lot with my anxiety due to CPTSD and was wondering if anyone in this sub has? If so, what were your thoughts on it?

Hi guys I have been battling major depression since my preteens and have been on mood stabilizers and antidepressants ever since. I selfharmed for two years and when I stopped I started drinking excessively (in a specific year of high school which was extremely difficult for me).
I have done and experienced many things which I have never been able to verbalise to anyone- not even the therapist I used to see and I trusted that man more than anyone else on earth.
The things I have done I always felt ashamed about but until I started the road to recovery from depression. This was when I realised that these things have actually been done to me...
There are many nights when I can't fall asleep, rolling around with extreme anxiety and flashbacks to certain events. They are in no specific order, they just jump from one memory to another and it's consuming my brain. Sometimes when I am enjoying myself these flashbacks occur in full swing and they occur at the most random times when I am doing something completely unrelated.
I feel filthy Saddened And lonely
I can't talk to anyone and I DO NOT have money for a therapist- this is why I started posting my problems online...
So, do you thing I have PTS or PTSD? What alternative methods are there for solving this problem which does not require a therapist? (I am on meds and mentally stable af btw)

I had my first behavioral therapy session in aeons today, and signs are pointing to C-PTSD. I think the blog is going to take a turn toward discussing traumas; peel the onion so to speak - any advice or insights? I've read a lot of Allie Brosh and love her breakthroughs on depression and anxiety. Since mine look to be linked to a life of trauma, I feel like there's a lot more to be said, and I want to start saying it, but I'm scared. Blergh.
Thanks again, all! Your encouragement so far has meant the world to me. Any and all feedback and suggestions are appreciated.

I've started a blog and I thought maybe some folks here would have some advice. I'm currently on short-term disability for my depression and anxiety. I've got a good team of professionals to help me, but everyone was "so shocked" there was anything wrong, because I've suppressed so much for so long. I'm writing to try and become transparent about my illness, to hopefully take a few swings at the stigmas, and maybe to help people. If you'd like to read, I'd love some feedback, maybe some ideas on what to deeper-dive into for future posts. I'm starting to get a flow of consciousness, but am having a hard time breaking down the barriers and getting into the ugliness - that's what needs the light most. Maybe if you'd like to give some shared experience comments; a little encouragement is always welcome as well

I'm currently in PHP(partial hospitalization program) right now and my insurance contacted me about having a case management clinician assigned to me. Have any of you used one before?
How do I get the most assistance from them? Such as resources for additional therapies I may qualify for,etc? If I'm going to do this I want more than a pamphlet. In these situations, I tend to be my own advocate, I need a help. I'm trying to put together a treatment team so I can get better. I deserve to get better.

A research group at the University of Virginia is interested in learning more about how individuals with depression approach the day-to-day management of their health. If you might be interested in participating, please continue to this link https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/PJP7RNQ. Individuals who are selected for and complete a 45-minute interview will receive a $20 gift card in compensation. Feel free to pass this link on to others you believe would be interested. Thank you!

Sorry my writing is so gibbley I have untreated dyslexia and my PTSD is so bad I can't have straight “normal” line of thinking.
I don't know what to do I'm terrified of people especially now. The last person I dated was like of a "ok I'll try again since he really seems to like me" and it was the most destructive relationship ever, and I've had some doozies.
I have bad chronic pain along with my cPTSD and I also disassociate from blacking out to fainting, having seizures (Petit to Grand Mal), I have night terrors, trouble concentrating and my memory is like Swiss cheese but I seem to remember traumatic things with photographic level but things that I need to deal with for life important things I blank on, and I have no one to turn to, I'm alone, I've always been scapegoated in our family and as immigrants I never had a relationship with extended family which made abuse from my parents very easy because I had no mentors or anyone to turn to, and certainly no one that would talk to my parents and try and get them to listen or to lay off a bit. My chronic pain started with a serious injury when I was 17 and when I was 20 my fiancé committed suicide. That was when I had my first nervous breakdown and had to move back in with my parents no matter how awful and abusive it was, but that trauma didn't cause them to lighten up or be kind, they forced me to look at the corpse before I was ready (like picked me up and pointed my head at it and forced me to look because they couldn't wait more than 20 minutes) and put an arbitrary 2 month grief limit, after 2 months they would scream at me "CRYING ISN'T GOING TO BRING HIM BACK" even though I rarely cried (someone called me the " Rock of Gibraltar" at John's funeral (whatever that means but by the context I think it means I was unemotional)- I can do emotions right because I was always punished for crying say when a loved pet died or when my step dad forgot to pick me up from a volunteer job in the winter when I was 13 and I waited hours outside until he drove by without even stopping "looking for me" but didn't see me obviously coming towards the car. So I walked miles uphill to the nearest thing of houses and I was close to hypothermia and got home but almost dying was not a good reason to annoy King Stepfather - his irritation was more important than normal emotions of terror that a kid has.
Anyway it's been like that over and over. I've been though so many major traumas, I've had some people say I've had my share and it will be a good life from now on (false) and I've had people abandon me because so many seriously bad things happen that I must be cursed. I've had people abandon me because "all these bad things shouldn't happen to someone nice".
Anyway my parents moved from Canada to the US when I was 20 and I didn't worry then because I had always pushed myself to be adult and tougher than anyone I knew and could handle myself, but over the years I got ground down from being underpaid and used up and never getting promotions or raises because of my chronic pain even though for days off I'd have a note from the ER.
When I was physically well I'd do nice things and help people where I could I really wanted to “find a new family” and it's been a lifelong search.
My parents never even pretended to like me though and this is important because I've been in a serious emergency and I NEED help.
I'm alone in Australia trying to get health care trying to get a place to live. I'm currently housebound because I was stuck into an apartment on the 4th floor I thought the one I as getting was on the ground floor. I moved here to get married to someone I'd been with for 7 years and lived with for 2 but after I sold my house and came here to get married, he changed- a LOT. He became abusive and then came out as trans, which is odd because it should have come up in conversation like, BEFORE I sole my house and got a one way ticket. I was super supporting and bought dresses and makeup and all for her but she'd never supported my gender identity.
I'm out of energy. People are too dangerous. Paying it forward just caused people to use me.
When I ask for help no one replies.
I don't want to die but I'm in so much pain and all my interests are gone and no one cares about me of my accomplishments that I did regardless of being held back in every angle, I'm now old, the pain medicine has made me fat, I'm afraid of people, I can't move far without extreme pain, the pain doctors only care about addicts and not people that NEED the medicine to have quality of life and I don't have anyone to talk to and I'm terrified, in a LOT of fucking pain, and afraid to go outside alone but also terrified if people.
My step dad says I deserve all this and he's always hated me. My mom calls me names of different people and I don't even exist in her head anymore- it's not Alzhiemers (she's been doing this since about 2002), she just knows that it drives me crazy when she does that, then she pretends she didn't do anything. It's weird sadism and it's the most evil kind of psychological abuse I can think of.
I need to get over this last Nervous Breakdown but I don't know how to be not abandoned or treated like shit. I mean saying I'm not going to talk to someone anymore doesn't work because no one does care if I live or die (strangers throwing platitudes say they care but that's not the same thing).
I don't know how to get through this. Professional “help” wasn't/isn't helpful. I need someone caring and not on the clock.
I'm losing it and I don't care and I'm scared of death but life isn't worth this.

I've written three books concerning the cause, effects and spiritual journey with PTSD. I want to help as many as possible.
Check out the link below if your interested:
https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B0768JQD7J?ref=aw_sitb_end_act_to_dtl

I'm 28 years old and I live with my parents. They are highly religious, I am not. They won't talk to me unless they want something. I don't have any friends at this point. I've been to the psych ward twice, starting after high school. I was labeled major depressive disorder.My parents opening mock medication and me. Other than the part time job I've managed to keep afloat. I have no social interaction. I live in a small village. If you opening talk about it , people avoid you or mock you. Pretty abusive child hood, certain portions of my anatomy do not function correctly. A mental block of sorts. So this cuts out any sort of sexual interaction with anybody. I've tried in the past and I feel nothing. I tend to relive moments when I close my eyes and when I stop smoking weed I have pretty crazy religion based nightmares often, Horror movie territory. I'm a survival and I've resisted the urge so far. Close calls aplenty but I'm still here. I've been on medication before but the issue I've come across is that medication so far has little effect in the long term and last time they refused to service me unless I took a weekly drug test. I made it a year on medicine and it was by far the worse it's ever been. I know there has to be other people with similar circumstances. I was wondering how others manage the situation.

I’ve always tried to take other’s advice about not rushing through life and enjoying your kids while they’re young. I have two young daughters and every time I see old pictures of them or even myself and my wife I start to get anxious, sometimes to the point where I drag it all the way down to an existential crisis and have a full on panic attack. I’ve been diagnosed with a few mental illnesses after my time in Iraq in the mid-2000s, but I’m not sure if that would correlate. Does anyone else get panic attacks from looking at family pictures? What do you do when you experience these feelings?

Hi, 16 year old here, this whole situation happened about 7 months ago. I was in high-school when this all happened, in college now. Long story short, I woke up one morning, my girlfriend had killed her sister. I was in pieces, still am, and I'm still in correspondence with her. However, main part of this, I've been having vivid nightmares, which have impacted every single day, and my friends abandoned me because they didn't want to deal with me. I feel lost and hopeless.

Hi. I need some insight here: My boyfriend flips from one extreme to the other: once every 3 weeks or so, he wants to break up with me! Yet, when not in this “state”, he is a loving and thoughtful man who is fun to be with and we really connect. I feel like I am dealing with two separate persons here! AND, when in the happy state, my bf tells me to PLEASE bear with him and ignore what he says at these times.
I have also noticed that, although he is happy when I tell him how attractive I find him, how much he arouses me like no-one ever has, that anything l say like this guarantees a sexless night. An unaffectionate night. My broaching of intimacy causes a freeze: HE must be the one to make the moves! Or, he just shuts off. Yet, paradoxically, my bf thrives on my affectionate caresses.
I KNOW (because he told me) that his mother had NO concept of parent-child boundaries, and was inappropriate sexually: for example, she always walked naked around the house, which he found revolting and embarrassing. Also more extreme things, which I won’t mention. Suffice it to say: very unsafe sexual boundaries. My bf also grew up fatherless, with only an abusive step-dad who neglected him and acted as though my bf didn’t even exist.
My bf also has never had a relationship in which he was not cheated on. Also, although 53, he has only had 4 sexual partners: I am the 5th. So, trust is a big issue, obviously.
My bf has untreated PTSD, both from childhood and through finding dead bodies on his job. He also lost his only stable adult figure, his grandmother, who was murdered when he was 12. He IS scared that I will be dead in bed next to him one day.
And, the closer we have gotten, the more intimate, the higher the stakes, the more this meanness has come out to play. My bf says that he dislikes who he is becoming when he is with me, that he has never before treated a woman badly. That he is NOT an asshole—yet, with me, he is becoming one and it scares him. He does not understand this, as he has never fallen in love with anyone the way he has felt with me, that his love for me now has shown him that he obviously was never in love before, or truly loved.
To me, what is obvious is this: The closer he gets to me, the greater the risk of devastation if he loses me. So, he is sabotaging our love for each other, to eliminate this risk. Am I accurate?
And, why is he feeling such meanness towards me? He is beginning to hate himself when he is with me, and finds himself unreasonably behaving like this. So, he is thinking of leaving me, and is trying to fall out of love with me.
WHAT is happening here?
Edit: word
*** Oh, one more thing. When he says such horrible things to me, accusing me of things that I am not doing, as though he sees those who hurt him, instead of seeing ME—and I burst into tears, he derides me. It is as though he sees my soft feelings and true, natural, real reactions, as weakness. On his good days, he has told me that I need to “toughen up”. Why do tears trigger such unkindness?!

Hey, so I am seeking advice. My partner shows a lot of signs of PTSD and depression. His life had been very hard and it still seems to weigh on him as he gets overwhelmed very easily. He expresses his hurt and fear mainly in anger, which has become a problem. I today suggested counselling because his financial assistance worker said it could help him, I've felt this for a while too but wasn't sure how he'd react. He reacted okay, but I didn't add in that it's because I am having problems handling his anger. I too have PTSD, depression, anxiety (that can turn into paranoia) and ADD. However I struggle to understand a lot when he's mad and saying some messed up shit that it's all trauma related, it's not something he WANTS to do. He doesn't WANT to hurt me and often when I break down and cry because the harsh things being said trigger my infantile response of "you are in a life threaghtening situation" he stops apologises and sooths me. It's like he doesn't understand in the moment that the things he says in anger when triggered are considered abusive in and of themselves. (I've sought much guidance before labeling it such, had to realize his trauma does not excuse the abuse). People have told me to leave, I've set up plans to leave but today I got a ray of hope that he may just be willing to face his shit and change. When I was setting up my plans to leave tomorrow, I broke down harder than I've ever broken before, the idea of leavi g him was the most pain I have EVER experienced (tip of the iceberg to give you reference to how painful it was: my first ever boyfriend and love sexually assaulted me and was very abusive. I've also witnessed my uncle pass away by his own hand, 5 sexual abusers, 13 total abusers. Faced it my entire life I'm 25, my mom was also being abused by my father while I was in the womb and broke my leg when I was 22months old sometime after I was left in a sink filled with water by my mother and found by my aunt just in time. And that's simply the tip of the iceberg) so reading that, one can imagine that I must have felt that much pain for a reason. When he's stable and not triggered, when things aren't overwhelming him he is everything I have ever wanted, he is my knight he is my star my sunshine and I can't imagine a life with anyone else but him. He's gentle and kind, supportive and strong. He takes care of me and does his best to keep me safe. So.....its confusing. I don't want to he told if I should leave or not, I'm far from capable right now to make that decision. All I want to know, is how to best handle it when he's lost, when he's not being himself, when he's hurting and yelling or saying mean things. I'm a firm believer in sick men deserve love too, and that this is just a sickness, that the bad are all symptoms of his own shit. I know this because I'm almost the same, the difference is that I'm medicated with all the supports I can possibly have, if it weren't for that I'd be exactly like him. I also know that he's probably not manipulating me when he's being nice, it's genuine. My grandmother was an abusive alcoholic, she too was abused and I felt the same about her, that she didn't know how to stop it she didn't know any better. However with her I did everything I could for 17 years and she never changed. I even left her for 3-4 years after basically attacking her with her own actions (I had, a lot of pent up rage) like I told her EVERYTHING she did when she was "blacked out" and she even owned up to it for a short while. Then she said she never abused anyone I realized there was no hope and tried to ghost on her which earned me a fucked up set of texts followed by guilt trips and finally an offer for lunch (imagine, being told how awful your being to someone, then fierce apologies and an attempt to buy your affection again, a tactic that never worked for her). So I feel like there's a difference, he doesn't just....try and bandaid it he tries to talk to me about it we actually have room to try and work it out (I just have to be careful to not trigger him). Hence I don't want to be told whether to leave or to stay, I've done this dance many, MANY times and I know that he's different than those who use their trauma as an excuse. He's not even aware it's linked I only see it because I've done my research and shit. Anyways what I do want is advice on how to best support him. He's very sick, so sick he doesn't even know he's sick. I'm sick too. Help.

I have both. My Bipolar I Disorder was diagnosed in 2004. The events that caused my PTSD occurred between 2009 and 2012. I was diagnosed with PTSD in late 2012.
I've recently been reading about the comorbidity of these two mental illnesses and it has been found that they "feed" off of each other and cause the other to worsen. (That's a very general and not entirely accurate summary. See links below for more info).
I know this sub is titled Depression and PTSD but I was wondering if anyone else suffers from a form of Bipolar that is comorbid with PTSD.
Here are some links to what I referred to above if anyone is interested:

I found out years ago that I suffer from anxiety, depression and PTSD. I grew up in an abusive family only later to marry an abusive man. I found the courage to leave both. But things for me have only gotten worse. My anxiety is at an all time high. I have trouble falling asleep and staying asleep and when I do sleep I am plagued by nightmares. I can't remember the last time I had a pleasant dream. I really can't. The nightmares happen every time I sleep. The nightmares can be like flashbacks in a way or they can be completely all over the place, yet my family members and ex will be in most of them and it's like the way they've made me feel in real life is being replayed different ways in my sleep.
I was taken off of my medication to assist with this due to being pregnant so I was wondering if there was anything I could do that isn't medicine that can help with this. I've taken Benadryl which helps me stay asleep a little better, but nothing stops the nightmares and I'm getting worn down.

I'm curious as to what kind of timeframe it takes to understand PTSD has set in. In the sense that you may not seek help immediately even though you are experiencing many symptoms.
Thank you for taking the time to read this.

Just wanted to share as it wasn't something I'd anticipated. I ended up at a yoga nidra course which is supposed to help with sleep (something I think many of us struggle with), and it is some prolonged stretching followed by guided meditation. During meditation I ended up having flashbacks and sobbing in the middle of class. I talked with my therapist about it after and turns out meditation may not be recommended to those with recent traumatic experiences.
If it works for you, that's amazing. I just want to put this out there so no one gets blindsided. There is also PTSD-specific meditation that I have not tried.
I wish health and healing to you all.

September 16th, 2016 during my senior year of high school I accepted a ride from a classmate after a football game late at night and he took me into his car and sexually assaulted me. I was on Xanax I wasn't meant to be taking so I couldn't do anything to fight back and just knowing that it'll be a year this Saturday makes me so worried that I'm going to just go off the deep end. I think about what happened every single day. But Saturday is also the day my best friend moves away. The nightmares kill me. I don't know what to do. I'm afraid. I was 17 and I was okay. Now I relive it everyday and have done for a year. Im wondering if I should spend the day high so I don't have to think about it but I don't want to end up on a bender. Any advice to getting passed my one year assault anniversary?

This happened back in 2006. Really screwed my wife and I over. We just kind of floated through life ending up moving due to the housing crisis and landed in another state to start over. Long story short, the marriage didn't survive and the only thing I could do to get my mind of it was volunteer at the local fire department. Well that worked. I now have visions of suicides, car wreck victims, screaming families as I pump on their relatives chests etc.. worst one was this innocent little boy of about 5. His "dad" decided to drop he and his little brother off at a fellow drug addicts house that had a "bad" dog so they could go tweak somewhere. the kid got to close and ripped the little boys face apart. I was the first one there. I'm looking at this little boy who isn't crying, doesn't really know what's going on and his fully gacked out father is shaking all over. the little boys face was shredded from that dog. And the innocence lost on that little guy just makes me sick to this day. (this happened a couple of years ago) I'm finally on massive doses of Welbutrin and it seems to work, but I still don't feel like the old me. I'm giving up on ever being able to be that person again. I have a great GF now, a great job so I guess I shouldn't complain because I know there are others that have it worse. My question is has anybody tried Lamotrigine? How has it worked? thanks for listening.

While I have not received an official diagnosis for PTSD, reading and research has shown quite a bit of matching symptoms. A few nights ago I was having trouble sleeping. The room was too dark and I was edgy and hyper vigilant. There was also the issue of intrusive thoughts. Off and on for weeks I have been having flashbacks of when I was raped years ago, and fall apart every time. Work stress and aggressive customer service encounters have not helped. So the room was too dark, I felt edgy and unbalanced. It felt like something was coming to get me. My 6 year old sister walked in the room and it startled me. Even though I knew it was her, I started screaming. It was uncontrollable, and I couldn't stop. My family ran in and threw on the light, but this was like being possessed. My surroundings were familiar and I knew my family and what was happening, but the screaming wouldn't stop until my mom got close to my face and made eye contact. How do I prevent the flash backs and the hyper vigilance? How do I prevent the intrusive thoughts? Even if it's baby steps. I don't ever want to do something like this again. It wasn't the first time I had done it, but it was the most extreme case for me. This is effecting my family and I need help.

If anyone on the forums is now or has suffered from PTSD know you are not alone. If anyone wants to talk about it or get back on the road slowly i'm happy to help. After my serious accident I almost never got on again. https://youtu.be/q1KUJXf2t0Y


Hi, Just wanted to tell you my story.
I suffered from childhood trauma, which affected me all my life. The effects of such trauma affected my education, employment, health to the extent that I stammered as a child and in my adult years I could not speak fluently.
In later years I suffered a stroke, clinical depression, complex post-traumatic stress disorder and chronic pain (peripheral neuropathy).
This resulted in self-harm, self-sabotage, suicidal thoughts (in fact I prepared for it), disassociation and everything else that comes with CD and CPTSD.
I was in a very bad way despite being on different medication the side effects of which, were terrible.
Professional therapy didn’t help at all. Reading books and scouring the Internet for answers didn’t help. With me the advice just skimmed over the surface.
You can read and get flashbacks that trigger intense emotions that are difficult to deal with. In the end, you feel you’re in a black void and totally lost and helpless.
Sometimes friends and others fail to understand because they don’t see the darkness and emptiness you permanently feel within. They think you simply “look alright”.
This is a complex subject and we all have our own personal experiences that may require a different therapeutic approach to someone else.
Recovery can also be complex and traumatic.
With myself, I found my own way to recover.
It took time and was very traumatic but in the end, I recovered. Any infrequent flashbacks, triggers, emotions, thoughts that emerge I know how to manage.
When I was at my worst I came off all my medication, went through all the withdrawal symptoms and slowly applied self-help therapy to myself.
I did this after a great deal of research, study, experimenting on myself and experience.
The experiences I put myself through were very traumatic. It did take time because every time I tried I broke down and couldn’t do it. At these times, I was in a very bad way. My left arm didn’t like me very much.
After a few weeks and being alone with lots of crying, facing self every night and going through hell, I became at peace and recovered.
The memories and experiences will more than likely be with me all my life but they don’t hurt anymore.
Strange thing is, when the time came to go through self-help therapy, for some reason I just knew what I had to do. If I didn’t I would have made myself worse.
Even the chronic pain has gone and I no longer stammer.
Like I said before, this was done without professional help and without medication to ease the state I was in.
I was told by a Clinical Psychologist that the best thing I can do is to find my own way of recovery.
So, I did.
It is not easy but if I can self-recover you can too.

My wife through 15 years is struggling with ptsd and depression. Right now she is going through an especially rough time. She has gone through a lot in her life, abuse, sexual assault, rape and abandonment, to mention a few things, and has over time developed a coping mechanism where she is locking all of that up inside her. She is essentially unable to trust anyone, and men in particular. I know there is absolutely no "quick fix" to this, so all I am asking for, is some general tips on how I can gain her trust somehow, even if it is just a tiny babystep at a time. I know this will be a long, difficult road that might not even have an end, but I feel that I owe it to her to try at least. She deserve something, or someone, in her life that she feels that she can depend on and trust. Does Anyone have any suggestions?

I think I might have PTSD from something in my childhood/early teens. I'm not sure. I cant get a diagnosis, I'm already waiting for mental health help on a referral list and have been for over a year with no appointment date in sight.
It was.... An online thing. That messed me up. I think. I was 14 and he was 20 and basically fucked my head up so hard. It took me until last year to shake his chains entirely. He threatened to kill me and my entire family. He convinced me of doing things I didnt want to do.... Put me on diets and things... Talked me down to a level I'm ashamed of. I dont know who I am or what I even like after that since then. It was my first experience with a guy and lasted 2 years. He made everyone in my life including family believe I was disgusting. Including me. He broke my mind because I was already dealing with neglect and emotional and physical abuse at home.
I don't know if you can even get it some something like that. A long term exposure to something like that. It sounds pathetic to even suggest or say. I'm sorry if this offends anyone asking.
I have read symptoms and descriptions of how people have felt and it sort of matches with me, in a lot of it....
I feel embarrassing even asking. I'm not trying to have PTSD. I just want to know how to stop feeling this way and where to start because it is obvious that the mental health system in Canada is not helping me.

Okay, so I don't get bullied too much, I'm on Summer break but I started cutting and feeling depressed because of my mom and dad. They say that I'm just a waste of money and time, that I'm selfish and so much more that I just can't take it. They don't notice me not eating, I walk around in shorts and short sleeves and they haven't noticed the scars. I want to talk to someone but I don't know who...

I'm an FtM trans non-op. I WANT to transition, but I have an autoimmune disease which raises the likelyhood that the process of transitioning could kill me ...by like 8x. I am turning 22 and I have never had a single relationship. Girls don't accept me. Even the gay and bi ones. There's always a comment about how I'm "not man enough" because of my sex. Lately all I can think about is killing myself. I try to reframe, but what's the point? I was born into abuse, kicked out for calling the cops, sentenced to homelessness at a very young age, and I kept saying "it just takes time; I'll make it." But I have nothing left to give. I have lived 22 years of excruciating HELL. And I don't say that lightly. I have been raped by multiple people, had the shit kicked out of me more times than I can count, and as soon as an employer finds out I'm trans I'm fired. I don't think people understand the severity of when people say they are nearly 22 and considering suicide. If it's ever voiced aloud by anyone they say "you're so young, give it time." But no one seems to get that 22 YEARS is a long ass fucking time to go without any friends, any family, any love, any affection in any way, shape, or form. I find it strange. I am sweet, smart, generous, creative, colorful, and I make people smile so easily. I don't see how all of that magically no longer counts because I got to be the tool born into a "family" of religious psychopaths. I know no one is reading this, but I need to write this out. Everything is so fucked. I have lived two decades dreaming that tomorrow will come and be better. It never is. I just can't keep doing this. Being taken advantage of. Drowning. Desperately trying to make due. Starving myself to become more androgynous because that's the only option I have. I just want it to be over. Most days I can't even breathe. Dysphoria is fucking eating me. It's swallowed my whole damn existence full down. I'm stuck at this hideous crossroad, all the roads are comprised of the fairest threads. One wrong move and everything will buckle and I will not be able to pull myself out again. I just fucking need one godd thing in my life. One stupid good thing to stop making out that there have been 22 years and the only person I ever had for but a blink died. It's hard not to decide to just let it all go and see if there's any such thing as any after life where I could see him again. Idk, I'm just sucked so deep inside of realization that nothing good has ever happened, and only ever do more pains and difficulties attach themselves to me. Fuck it, right? If I had any energy left, I'd use it to fling myself onto the train tracks and wait for relief from all this bullshit.

I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder and have written a blog about my experience. This post is about my experience with a depressive episode with features of psychosis including delusions and auditory hallucinations. https://bipolarsurvival.com/2017/07/08/the-red-one-is-dead/
TW: Self harm and suicide mention

So I get off work at 2am, I am triggered from just...everything in the world again. I try to lay down and sleep for 3 hours, it is now 7 in the morning. I am expected to be back at work at noon. My mother tells me to "just go to fucking sleep already" while my eyes dart back and forth. And the only way to describe how I feel is, "what did I do wrong?"
I suppose at this point the safest bet I can make is to try to call off work. I do not know how it is going to go. But ultimately, this can not be my solution when this happens. This is costing me hours and I don't really make that much to begin with. I can not even say how I feel without it being something that can get me in trouble. Like if I say that I want to drive my head through the wall, that sounds like I want to hurt myself. When really I'm just to the point that I want to go to fucking sleep already, damn it.

I was kidnapped and sexually assaulted when I was a kid. My own mother didn't believe me or care. I'm currently working on my memoir and putting myself back in that mindset, in those memories is hard. It gets depressing. And I've dealt with depression throughout my life. Sometimes it's hard, though. Does anyone even care? Will my story matter at all? I know people do and it does, but here alone, working on my book, it gets lonely and depressing. Any mental health or writing bloggers here? I'd love to connect.

He suicided in May. His birthday is the fourth of July. How do I handle this? Advice please!

I've quietly suffered from PTSD ever since I was 13 (I'm 18 now) my mum and brother know but nobody else does and over half of my family don't understand why I've completely cut off any connection with my 'dad'. It really sucks and hurts that I keep this secret but I know that if I tell my friends about it they'll treat me like I'm different almost speacial (they've done it before). And if I tell my Grandparents that I have PTSD I'll be the 'troubled grandchild that they can't cope with' again. I just feel really alone and vulnerable all the time now. If anyone has some advise I'd love to hear it.

Girlfriend is suffering from PTSD, taking meds, currently suffering from a low sex drive. Been together 1 1/2 years, with sex becoming less and less frequent. Obviously sex is important in any relationship, but I would like to hear some insight into this particular situation from people whom have gone dealt with this

I’m at the store with my mother, but what for? My mom looks at me. I see her mouth moving, but cannot hear a sound. I know she just asked me something and I should know what to say back, but I don’t. I don’t even know what she has said, or how many times she has said it to me. As I look around, I feel my chest tightening up – I can’t breathe. Around me there is too much noise. It’s too crowded. There are too many people. I am scared! I feel unsafe! I am overwhelmed and feel that I am losing control and it happens. A panic attack has been triggered. I fight to remain in the present, but it’s hard. Flash! I’m tired and start to feel light headed. Flash! The fight has left me. I am emotionally drained, but remain physically there?
I can see that my mother is upset that I have not responded to her question and walks away in disappointment. If only I could feel anything right now. I would drown in guilt and depression. I know that I am letting her down, but those feeling will come later when I come back to reality. When my overwhelming feeling of fear subsides and my emotions flow back in like a roaring river. I will cry and think back on how my life has fallen apart and how it has affected my family, my friends, myself.
But for now, I have disconnected myself from reality. Physically I am present, but emotionally I am no longer here. I’m am oblivious to reality and am focused on my emotions. How long will I be gone? Five, ten, fifteen minutes? Your guess is as good as mine. There is no telling how long it will take for me to feel safe enough to resurface to reality, but for now my mind will not stop. I am filled with a kaleidoscope of emotions – fear, anger, doubt, sadness, ashamed, these are only a few of them.
As I start to recognize what is happening to me, I try to pull myself out of my panic attack. My heart feels like it is about to pop out of my chest. I should slow it down. I need to breath slower. Keep it up. It is starting to work. I know this is a panic attack. You can do this. Is it working? As I struggle to regain control, I am contently doubting my every move.
Slowly I gain control over myself and prepare for the outcome. My emotions come flowing back at full force, like standing under a raging waterfall, you fight to stay standing, but are crushed by the overwhelming force of the water as it hits you with all its might. My mother, once the innocent bystander, has just realized what was happening to me, but it’s too late. My eyes start to water as I rush towards the exit of the shopping center. I see the onlookers staring at me. They must know. As the electric doors open, I feel the fresh air hit my face. Free! I am free for now.
For this is what Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder, or PTSD. feels like to me and it is part of my everyday life – a life of fear.
I can’t tell you exactly when I began to realize I suffer from PTSD. Was it the insomnia? The flashbacks? Was it the fits of rage caused by the simplest of arguments? It was not like I woke up and poof, there it is. Instead, it was the cause and effect of many things throughout my life. In a sense, I was a ticking time-bomb waiting for the right nudge to go off. The nudge, my son telling me someone in the family touched him. The push, the overwhelming feeling of helplessness and the loss of trust in someone you knew your whole life.
What I can tell you that it has taken me years to piece it together. As a Freudian would say, I am only starting to understand the tip of the iceberg of my conscious, fighting through the thoughts and feelings of my ego and super-ego as I drill deeper into my id. It’s not easy to admit one needs help, and it’s even harder to talk about, for as you talk about your problems, they become real. A “Hello, I’m insert emotions here” sticker that you place on your chest for everyone to see. But the thing is, I need to be able talked about what is happening to me. Because I’m tired of feeling so alone. I am tired of being the shadow in the dark. Being there, but not seen. Retreating further into the recesses of society as the light passes by.
It is difficult to be a father, son, and friend as well as someone who suffers from PTSD. One minute I’m there, the next I am disassociating myself from everyone around me. If I had to choose one of the many symptoms that I suffer with the most, it would be catastrophizing. This is where something happens and I make a catastrophe out of a situation. For instance, if I get rejected for an ideal or though I had, I may believe I am a complete and utter failure and therefore I must be stupid. In reality, it may only be a temporary situation, and there are things that I can do to change the situations outcome. Sometimes life simply gets too much for me. Where I feel like there is too much going on, I am too busy, I am too tired, I am too overwhelmed. I feel out of control.
It terrifies me when I am overwhelmed and out of control, to feel like there is no escape from the pandemonium in my mind. Each trigger, each flashback reawakens the trauma and/or the feelings that I experienced again. Whenever I have an anxiety episode I slip away further and further away from everyone. I lose interest and motivation in what I once would spend hours enjoying. I lose faith in my safety around people causing me to stay at home and avoid any social interaction. In severe cases where I have anxiety attacks in close sequence, I have been known to not answer my phone when it rings, nor do I replay to messages, even with family. I function on autopilot, only meeting my obligatory physical needs. But emotionally, I have ceased to exist, looking like a deer in headlights.
I see the people around me are confused because they just do not understand. They see that I am physically there, but think I am not paying attention to what they are saying or what they want me to do. This is far from the truth. Every day I see the suffering and pain caused to those closest to me. I see how they feel that I am pushing them away. My family longs to love me and I am incapable to let them in. I have built walls that are made to keep people out, to keep me safe form harm. This has created a void inside of me filled with fear and stained with shame. Like a monastery, I have found solitude and comfort in this confinement. I have found safety. I wish to stay here, to stay safe, forever. The world is too big for me. Like swaddling a baby, this blanket of darkness has kept me warm. Every time someone tries to coax me out, I tend to lash out before retreating into the darkness I have created. I will leave my way, in my own time.
In time, the warmth will start to fade, like embers in a fire pit slowly going out, I will scurry out of my hole and enter the light of the world once more. I will notice the world yet again. Feelings of happiness turn the darkness into light. The walls that once barricaded me have started to crumble and fall apart. What was numb now feels again and I start to walk the road of life. That is until something triggers my next attack. For those who feel bad for me, please don’t. I have come to accept my fate. I used to reject who I have become and it cause me nothing but more pain. Just seeing how it has affected my family and those closest to me has caused me many sleepless nights and will continue to do so for the rest of my life.
I have PTSD. and by accepting it I have stopped denying who I am. I will have this for the rest of my life. There is awareness and this will help me move forward. I do feel for my family and wish with all my heart that I could prevent the pain that I cause them, but I no longer feel shame. I am not alone now. I have started seeing a psychologist and psychiatrist and have started training a dog as my PTSD. service dog. With their help, I can see more days of light then darkness. Will my episodes ever go away? No, but I am learning the tools needed to help me when the do occur.
So why have I written this? This has helped me get a lot of things off my chest. Things that I have held in for so long. I also hope by sharing my story with others they can learn, and in some way, understand what I go through, but more importantly, to let others with PTSD know that you are not alone. You are not the only one and there is a way to feel better. There is hope.

Im new to this site but i needed to find people to talk to that r going thru same things as i am.
Im 58 yrs old and was diagnosed with ptsd, anxiety disorder, and clinical depression. I take medications but i dont find them working anymore. Im either in tears for days or so angry that i scare myself. Im having night terrors and panic attacks galore. Ive attemped suicide 3 times and fight that urge lately with all i have. I have pretty much secluded myself. Ive been a burden to my family because of my mental illnesses. Im so lonely that i feel like a dont exsist. Does anyone else feel this way?

Dear DepressionAndPTSD,
I am new here, but I am looking for some advice / support / anything because I am uncertain how to help myself. Perhaps I just need to write this out...
I was recently sexually and emotionally abused by an ex... it took me a long time to admit this. I can't say I fully accept this, but I am working on it. I still blame myself and I have become a seething vat of emotions. Constantly, I have flashbacks to the incident, waking up at night in a panic, heart racing or profusely sweating. During the day, I obsess over how I could have changed things. I am angry at myself for never speaking up... for being so weak. Suicidal thoughts are my new daily normal... some days stronger than others. But this has effected every aspect of my life. I cannot find the motivation to take care of myself, other than shower for longer than I need to because I feel so gross.
I am taking time off from work, because I am no longer functional. I no longer enjoy my many passions and hobbies I once delighted in, and am at a bit of a loss of what to do with myself. I am naturally a rather antsy workaholic, but all I manage to be able to do is frequent coffee shops, drive around town with no destination, or walk and walk and walk.
I am seriously discontent with simply being. Time moves incredibly slower. I am just... lost. I have lost the part of myself I valued the most. As if, I have already died, and what remains is a shell of a former self long gone.
Thank you all for listening.

Hi. So, I've been ok for most of my life. I compartmentalized with the best of them. Just shove it down, lock it away, and bury it, right?
Nope. I had a mental break about a year ago, and life hasn't been the same since. I hallucinate, I relive memories- and I can't stop them. I have to live through the full memory, and it's hell.
Tomorrow I'm finally getting into a psychiatrist. I've been working with a psychologist and a base antidepressant, and we're kind of at a wall.
Does anyone have any advice, or can give me an idea of what to expect with a psychiatrist? Any help is better than what I've got.

I'm not sure what to say but having no one to talk to I need advice or maybe just to talk to the void. Almost 7 years ago I lost my fiancee. Details are bad but the sum of it is she was taken from me by someone. I saw things that to this day haunt me. To this day I wake up multiple times a night some days from nightmares or panic attacks. Some days I can't hear music from that time period, watch a show that's remotly emotional, or just sit without tearing up. I've never been to see a shrink, although I know I should of, due to past experiences and money issues. I was diagnosed with PTSD and told I should talk to someone. I don't know where to go usually. Especially on nights like these where I can't be quiet without thinking about that night or breaking down in tears.
Question is, what do those of you that have issues like this do? Any ideas to cope? To be honest it has impacted me pretty bad. I lost most of my friends and the ones I still have I've lost most contact with. After the incident I stopped feeling safe in public and gained a pretty bad case of social anxiety. Sorry for the ramble. It's one of those nights I just feel lost.

Hello, it's 10pm where I am and my husband is asleep but I have insomnia. And I couldn't help but think about finding somewhere or someone to tell my story too. I was a lock in, my mother kept me and my family hostage for about 19 years inside a house of torture. She was also a hoarder, and hoarded animals as well. Letting them breed and suffer. My half sister equal victim in her abuse was the only one allowed to leave the house. She got pregnant, hid the pregnancy and in an attempt to murder herself and the child cut herself open with a steak knife and threw the child out the window to die. I was about 10. I heard it cry but could do nothing. I still hear the cries sometimes when it's too quiet. So I live with some kind of noise playing in the background to fill the emptiness. I escaped with my family when my mother attacked a police officer and was thrown in a psych hospital. I finally managed to get the keys. Freedom.. how people take it for granted. My mother and sister never really saw justice, and I managed to build a new life. Despite my damage. But I am broken. I find it hard to sleep without vivid and violent dreams, I smoke to help my anxiety and since a bad motocycle accident I take codeine for pain and pleasure. I haven't been able to keep a job. I find women see through my fake interest and I become a target. I thankfully have not been suicidal for about a year. But I can remember praying for death from about 5. I choose not to believe in God, because if he does exist he's a monster for letting life be this degrading. There's just so much. So so much more. But I remember it all in moments of sobering clarity... This feels comforting to share even if it's only a fragment what I hid from almost every one. It makes me feel like an alien. Teased, disliked, and mistaken. When really I'm just trying to act tough because I fragile.

I'm trying to cut and knife isn't sharp enough. I'm a hoarder and they just did a major clean out of my apartment and I can't find the sharp knife that doesn't have rust on it. My dog needs URGENT veterinary care and nobody will help me. I am broke and unemployed and unemployable. I am a useless member of society. I am a total failure. If my dog dies because I didn't have money to help him, I'm done. I have called agencies, Charities, veterinarians, and they have all told me no. I started an online fundraiser and only two people donated a small amount and my friends won't even bother to share the link, and it doesn't cost a penny to share the link! So clearly my friends don't even care about me. I can't take much more, I really can't.

I'm new here, but I was wondering if anyone had any advice for me.... I'm suffering from PTSD and depression after about eight years of sexual, emotional, and physical abuse at the hand of my ex-stepfather. I gained the courage to report him oner a year and a half ago, have been going to therapy, and have been put on medication....none of that made the nightmares go away. My sleep has been horrible, and almost every night I have dreams (pretty much flashbacks) of the abuse. I'm a high school junior and I'm seriously lacking sleep, it's definitely not helping my grades. If you have any advice, please leave it....I need it.

Last year I tried to kill myself overdosing on a bunch of random medications around my house. Long story short I failed and my single parent (mother) and sister were forced to come to terms that I am not mentally stable and need help. I got some help and things seemed to look up, but unfortunately I've never thought I was grateful that I failed. Rather, I just distracted myself with every other thing. I finished therapy for PTSD and everything seemed to be going fine after, great even, but it seems like I'm about to start a downward cycle again because I'm losing interest in doing anything. I don't care about anyone or anything, despite knowing it'll hurt them, and I'm starting to become apathetic again.
My thought process just seems to be. "You've already dealt with so much as a child and you have to carry that weight with you forever, the happiness you may feel in the future will never erase the events that have already happened and the bad ones that will." It seems to me that I only take in sad events that happen to me, trying to push myself into a darker hole, and any happiness that comes my way I see as a distraction and not valuable whatsoever. I'm pretty nihilistic but it jumps from pessimistic to optimistic bizarrely.

My husband had to go to the hospital twice. He had severe panic attacks and I thought I was going to lose him. Kids saw most of it and now I'm such in reruns of it. Loud screaming (3 & 6 yr old boys) and helping my husband who was diagnosed with bipolar 1. It's been a struggle and I was smoking medical marijuana to help me but it's pricey and I don't want to be blah.
Any other moms with this shitty PTSD?

Hello! After years of travel and soul searching I put together this..... www.veterants.com - a place where I can shamelessly explain war, trauma and conflict to people who haven't and hopefully won't ever experience it. I'd love your opinions. Please don't hold back.

Hello all, I am a senior studying creative writing at Ohio University. The final project for my literary editing and publishing class is to create a literary magazine and the focus of my magazine is PTSD. I want to give those who are suffering a voice and a positive outlet to share their stories and their experiences.
If anyone has any content (personal essays, poetry, or art) 3,000 words or less that they would like to submit, send it to shellshockmag@gmail.com. The deadline is April 20!
Thanks so much, Emily