Hey guys, I've been experiencing bad mood swings for a while and I've finally decided to do something about it. It's not that I think myself into a bad mood, it's like I feel something change chemically in my brain and 5 minutes later I'm completely miserable. How can I stay even throughout the day? Medication is out of the question though.



I just found these guys, super professional, excellent customer care.
Etizo1.com
I seem to repeatedly come across anecdotal information suggesting that this combination can be very effective for people who don’t get results from any other anti-depressants. That seems to be my predicament now, as the only thing I’ve tried that’s worked was low-dose Amisulpride, but it gave me unacceptably high prolactin.
Anyone here have any experience with it? If so, I would love to hear about your experience. I have tried deprenyl before but discontinued it quickly due to insomnia. Perhaps I ought not have given up on it so quickly though, particularly if it might work better to combine it with L or DL Phenylalanine.
I know ketamine and NMDA antagonists in general have been found to have fast acting antidepressant effects. I was never too impressed with ketamine, and for me, dextromethorphan (DXM) has a much more powerful antidepressant effect.
Recently, motivated by the clinical trial I posted about, I decided to try 300 mg bupropion plus 60 to 80 mg DXM. This was very mild, so I finished the experiment with a higher dose.
This led to a very remarkable mood uplift, though it wasn't totally comprehensive and I was kind of restless. Surprisingly, I didn't notice dissociative effects. I only got those the next day, presumably when the enzyme inhibition wore off and the DXM was converted to DXO. This had much less of a positive bias, like ketamine, though when helping with cooking that synergistically resulted in a dissociative-happy state.
This makes me think of how the DXM and its metabolite DXO work together to create a better experience than either by itself in a DXM trip. But, the initial strong antidepressant effects combined with mental clarity and lack of dissociative effects is impressive as an antidepressant.
Now if I want that I guess I could try using bupropion plus DXM at a higher dose, but I'm wondering, are there any sigma-1 receptor agonist antidepressants which I could try instead?
Anyone who is interested may want to look at this article: Involvement of Sigma-1 Receptors in the Antidepressant-like Effects of Dextromethorphan

do they exist?!
Some anti-depressant meds (Vortioxetine for eg) have been linked to improved cognitive performance - beyond the natural improved cognitive performance from depression being alleviated anyway.
All the anti-anxiety meds I've taken - a lot - have, to put it bluntly, turned me into a retard. Painfully slow word retrieval. Completely obliterated short term memory. General haziness.
Is the simple fact of anti-anxiety meds that they slow down cognition?
Are there really any that - not even pro-cognitive - just don't slow cognitive performance?

Hi all,
Hope this is within the subreddit’s rules.
I’ve been getting medication for depression for about a year now; moclobemide. This medication is now being tapered off, due to being diagnosed Bipolar 1 since a few months, after a psychosis. For that I am on Lithium and Olanzapine. Since a few weeks there has been a restlessness insideme that’s fiercer than I have known before. Google suggests it’s psychomotor agitation or akathisia. It is now managed with Lorazepam, which my psychiatrist prescribes with great hesitation. She insists it’s my addiction - I am 12 weeks clean from cocaine, with 1 relapse. I have only had these symptoms while on Lithium.
Any clues where the restlessness could conefrom, and if there are non-benzo means of management?
Daily doses: Moclobemide 225mg Olanzapine 10mg Lithium 1200mg Lorazepam 0,5-1mg
Thanks in advance for any hints.
I've been prescribed olanzapine because it should target a few of my mental issues. However, it seems like the drug can increase mortality. Do the benefits outweigh this risk?

We are trying to counter the sexual side effects of antidepressants with Rexulti.
Is Rexulti effective as monotherapy?
What does it pair with the best?
Should you start Rexulti first and then add the SSRI/SNRI delending on if its acitivating or sedating?
Male, 30yo
We have BP2 charecterized as depression with intermitent burts of extreme negitive emotions that pass in like half a second. Like being electrocuted. Followed by social avoidance, anhedonia, low motivation.
We have tried several mood stabilizers. Currently Polygala Tenuifolia is effective at controlling it as maintence with a low dose of Keppra.
We have tried Trintellix with Remeron and Valdoxan- was like taking nothing.
Tried Cymbalta for about a week and stopped because of complete emotional numbness and no libido.
Currently on Viibryd- most effective, have most emotional control and full labido.
We are looking at submitting to a SNRI with Wellbutrin and Remeron to Block 5ht2a/c
We were told Nortryptiline is far more efective than remeron at this as well as Mianserin and possibly Trazadone.
Speaking of Antihistamines. They are shown to have permanent damage efdects with sustained use on memory. This would include All TCAs, Nortriptyline, Remeron, Wellbutrin and others. Several people on here claim Cymbalta is antocholinergic at max dose.
https://lifespa.com/long-term-use-of-antihistamines-linked-to-dementia/
Edit: Corrections, updates

Several months ago I was experimenting with DXM and marijuana. One day my friend brought over some oil that he said he was very potent. I had already taken about 800ml of extended release dxm polisterix much earlier that day and still felt the effects very strongly. After taking one hit of the oil I knew it was too much for me and had several hours of extremely uncomfortable tripping that felt like it was a near death experience. I finally went to bed after suffering through most of the night and returned to normal the next morning. However, the next day I dosed the same amount of dxm and it was like a felt a physical snap in my head. There was absolutely no pain. All was good. I was fine. I was happy. It was so sudden and so relieving that I cried for hours thinking that I had found what it meant to not have crippling depression and anxiety. Every time I dosed dxm it did the same thing. Instant relief. Until more or less permanent tolerance. Now it actually makes me feel retarded. Increases brain fog and generally makes me feel like crap. My question is, what happened? Was is simply hypomania? Or is it indicative of a chemical imbalance that was corrected by dxm and thc?
Sorry for the essay but it was truly a miracle what happened and I would like to know why it did.

TLDR; what the fuck is up with trintellix
Had a partial response to parnate even with the addition of lamictal. Sticking with the lamictal which definitely made an improvement, and now adding trintellix.
The last few days have been completely fine. I keep reading horror stories regarding side effects, and I can't help but think they're from people who were on it for less than a week. But I've also been reading about side effects which begin after weeks of use. I don't know what to think.
Who on here is on Trintellix? Efficacy? Sexual effects? GI issues? Anxiety? Worsened depression? Med combos? Did side effects subisde after a certain amount of time? Any information would help.
Thank you very much.
ALSO: I really wanted to take Viibryd because I've had success in the past, but my doctor has no samples (too expensive). Also hoping someone in this thread can compare the two.

Hi all, so for the past few years I have been feeling not quite right. I have had the following symptoms: trouble making friends, isolation, no romantic interest, loss of enthusiasm in social settings/conversations where people are excited, trouble focusing on any academic task, not wanting to tell people about my feelings, sometimes not even having any opinion on a subject, extremely submissive and non-confrontational, social anxiety. I have spent the past few years very confused because I didn't know what was wrong with me, as i didn't feel "depressed" as much as i felt like some sort of alien, like i was just different from society. I was prescribed Zoloft but I don't want to continue taking it because I just don't think SSRIs are good in the long run. However it has helped a bit, and the results were amazing when I added a little L-tyrosine one day. I finally felt so normal and like I could actually get things done, and actually be myself around everyone. However I really would like to find something more holistic and naturally effective for my dysthymia, if anyone has experience with this and could give some information it would be great. Also, I have heard that it might not be my dopamine production that is the problem, but possibly the density of the receptors? If so, how would I go about feeling more normal? Thanks.

Rght now I'm on Wellbutrin and Lithium for depression. My doctor has said he will try psychostimulants next (Adderall, Vyvanse, etc). Has anyone tried them for this reason? Did they help with your depression/anxiety? Did their effect start to dissapate with tolerance?

What is this type of mental state called? Anhedonia? Apathy?

So I've been on a handful of prescription antidepressants (SS/SNRI's and wellbutrin), which all had what I would call very noticeable effects whether or not they were helping with depression. Also tried st. john's wort, which I'd classify as a much more subtle, if at all noticeable, effect. I just got a combo Sarc + NAC and was going to try that next. My question is for anyone else who has tried this combo, how would you describe the effects? Is it going to be like Prozac level shit where I felt like there was an electric net was wrapped around my brain, or is it a more subtle/manageable change?

I see my psychiatrist Monday and she has been outstanding, but I always like to be informed myself so wanted to get thoughts.
On 300mg of wellbutrin and then 10mg of buspirone three times daily. Take belsomra most nights for the sleep onset insomnia (BTW, even with the cost it's been my favorite sleep medication I have ever taken). I also do fairly heavily in supplements with fish oil, multi vitamin, D vitamin (blood work early this year did show low levels), B complex, and then additional Mg/Zn/Ca and potassium supplements since I started keto a few weeks ago.
In general, the wellbutrin has been very good for the past 11 months. Had depression for a long, long time (13 years, started with major depression and then has been dysthymia since with dips that happen a few times a year of various severities.
So I just went through a fairly bad one, for me at least. Motivation and anhedonia don't seem to be a huge problem anymore with the wellbutrin, but still have significant issues with thoughts of helplessness and significant suicidal ideation. As best I can tell there is no firm trigger for those episodes, just seem to start with about any negative experience.
I will say that exercise doesn't seem to have a significant impact, nor has meditation either. It's been years since I did therapy, but when I did it I went through several therapists over a few years and just never found it a ton of help either.
Just want to find whatever will help to give me a firmer standing because it's been very discouraging that over the past 5 years I have done well for myself in life, but even though day to day is generally better, the dips aren't any different or shorter.

I meet with my pdoc next week. Currently I'm on Lamictal (been on for 5 years, it does some good) and Trintellix (it was fantastic for the first month, but has been going down. I think I've been on it for 6 months, and just went up about a week ago. Still not great).
Is there anyway to halt a relapse? Is there anything I can do to keep this from happening? Is this like a snowball where once it starts it's inevitable?

20/F I don't have a single friend at college. I have absolutely nobody, even when I'm back at home. I hole myself up in my room all day, sleeping and procrastinating on my homework. I steal, a lot; makeup, clothes, food, whatever I can get my hands on, but always things that I use. I even started selling some of the items I steal on an app. I steal almost everyday. I have gone car hopping twice now. I don't know why I do it. For the thrill maybe? I don't know. I do feel more relaxed after doing it though. But all of this, everything I do, I'm always alone. Being around other people makes me tired, and I purposely avoid social situations. I like being alone, but at the same time, I hate it. I'm jealous of people who have friends, and go to parties and stuff. I hate that I'm like this, so I always daydream about being a social butterfly. In my head, I have friends and a better life. I always talk to them in my head, picturing different situations in my mind. I daydream about this stuff all the time. It almost feels real, even more so when I smoke weed. It brings me joy, I do it every day. But then when I realize what I'm doing, it makes me sad. A feeling of dread settles in my chest when I realize that I'm not living in reality; I have been living in my dream world. And I want it to be real, I really do. I'm currently seeing a therapist, usually 15 minute sessions asking me how I'm doing on my medication (I'm taking effexor and trazodone). The effexor has not been working. There were a few days (several weeks ago) that I felt really good. Like I didn't care about anything anymore. But it only lasted a few days. I don't feel anything right now. She prescribed me trazodone to help with my insomnia because I have had days where I have been awake for more than 24 hours. Yet, I still feel the same way I always have. Everything I have just said, I haven't told my therapist. Should I? I don't think its going to change anything. Every time I go in for a session, she asks me how I'm doing, and I always say the same (that I always feel the same as I did before). What do I do? Was I diagnosed correctly?
I have tried zoloft and wellbutrin, and have felt absolutely nothing from them as well.

Most of what I experience is different from how most people describe depression. My main problem is being stuck in a comfort zone via lack of motivation and options outside of the comfort zone feeling wrong.
I can feel reasonably good and enjoy the experience when doing certain activities, tuning into a better state in a few hours. Spending a week away from home and mostly in nature makes a dramatic difference, but doesn't help with motivation to do anything very significant outside of that comfort zone. It seems the root cause of the way I feel is mostly being stuck with depressing habits and not chemical imbalance.
Chemically or maybe even otherwise altering my state in order to feel better while stuck in this comfort zone probably isn't beneficial in any sort of long-term way.
I would like to change my state so going outside of my comfort zone doesn't seem wrong and I can imagine it being enjoyable and/or beneficial and not too bad. I have gotten motivated ideas in various situations but I almost always tend to shoot them down via counterarguments and negative imagining about what doing that would be like and the outcome. It's weird how I can feel relatively good and enjoy the present moment yet still have this problem. Maybe the good I experience is significantly worse than others' experience, but those definitely seem like positive states otherwise.

Of all the shit I’ve tried sudafed has helped me anhedonia the most. Even more than microdosing shrooms. I was only taking it because of a cold. I had real windows since this shit show started 5 years ago.
Has anyone else noticed anything with sudafed???

I was wondering about the advantages/disadvantages of Emsam (selegiline patch) versus other MAOIs. I'm bipolar but the swings are largely well controlled with lithium (ugh side effects but it works), it's the depression I get stuck in. You name it prescription wise I've tried almost everything. SSRIs burn out, antipsychs for me usually have awful side effects.
Emsam helped a lot. It wasn't 100% or dramatic but it helped for 3 years or so. Now it's not nearly as effective. My depression is getting really bad.
I don't know if I should try another MAOI, I'd like to know the disadvantages/advantages. I haven't had any dietary problems with the patch even at it's highest dose and I'm forgetful, more afraid of screwing up the diet with a pill MAOI.


I've been on escitalopram 10 - 15 - 20 first with wellbutrin 150, then 300 and now without wellbutrin but with topiramate 50 twice a day. And all alprazolam to sleep (I've been taking as much as I need to sleep, to be honest). I have depression and bulimia nervosa (my depression worsens my binge eating), by far I'm getting:
more anehdonic;
more apathetically suicidal;
when I'm not in bed, I'm binge eating;
more depressed and demotivated.
I'm going cold turkey on escitalopram too see if it improves, what I want to ask if it can worsen those aspects. I don't stop the others because topiramate is what is barely controlling my weight gain and I don't sleep without alprazolam.

Recent bad events upset me and especially made conditions at home worse. Seeing my bad mental state, I decided to try this experiment.
Taking 15 mg mirtazapine every other day led to good short term results in the past. I stopped that and remained in an improved state, probably supported by the niceness of late spring and summer. Then, later, at least partly due to worsening conditions at home, I saw my state getting worse and tried that again. However, at the time I was doing software development work, and the mirtazapine made my mind slow, and made that difficult. So I stopped after one dose, with minimal emotional help.
I was wondering if the every other day dosing of mirtazapine was beneficial, or if I only needed a lower dose than 15 mg. So I tried splitting the halves in half, giving me approximately 7.5 mg per day. I also wanted to see if bupropion can help, because intuitively I seem to especially lack the dopamine aspects relating to motivation and feeling reward for accomplishments. I know that combining causes me to not know which one helps, but I don't care and just hope something helps. Trying to figure out what helps can be hard anyways. I noticed two main effects:
I have a much greater ability to remain in the present moment in emotionally challenging interactions with my mother. I feel a certain emotional energy inside me instead of disconnection, which can be expressed via hand gestures sometimes. I guess it also helps in interactions with other people, but I find it hard to measure this due to having few offline interactions.
There have been various situations where I didn't do things same as always via habitual patterns, and instead had to think about how to do things. This can be impairing, but at the same time it seems to indicate potential of this being useful for breaking harmful habits.
I don't feel significantly impaired in any physical or cognitive way, though it would be interesting to try software development and see how well that works. This seems to have not been useful for motivation to do major constructive things outside of the comfort zone which keeps me stuck. It probably helped a little bit but it seems like nothing compared to the overall extent of the problem.
I'm thinking of adding low dose DXM (dextromethorphan) similar to this experiment, but probably at even lower doses. Maybe I would do this instead of the mirtazapine, or stop mirtazapine for a while and see how I feel on bupropion for a while and then decide. I'm reluctant in case DXM is associated with escapism, but I can do escapism very well sober. This would definitely be low doses and not a trip, because I feel a trip would not be productive. This was inspired by the study I posted about, though I don't feel comfortable with taking DXM constantly and I am only thinking about a short term experiment.
I'm skeptical about choices in general, but this seems to have been beneficial overall so far. I wish it helped me more with motivation and going outside my comfort zone though.
BTW. I have generally not been getting the sort of vivid dreams I got with 15 mg every day. I guess the every other night dosing is good for that? I did however have an interesting dream today which helped provide some insight.
Edit: I have also been using caffeine to help counteract mirtazapine drowsiness. I drank 1 or 2 cups of coffee on most days. This seems helpful, though I'm not entirely sure.

What if I still don't feel better after all these drugs? That thought scares me, however, it also feels like a relief. Then I can just live in acceptance I guess...I mean...what if..? :|

A research group at the University of Virginia is interested in learning more about how individuals with depression approach the day-to-day management of their health. If you might be interested in participating, please continue to this link https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/PJP7RNQ. Individuals who are selected for and complete a 45-minute interview will receive a $20 gift card in compensation. Feel free to pass this link on to others you believe would be interested. Thank you!
What is it?

Misophonia, a rare condition which in definition is known as the hatred of sound. It starts off with a trigger, usually sound however can be visual and sets off a negative reaction. The condition is usually developed from ages 9-13 years old and typically women. There is no set cause and treatment is very minimal. When trying to explain the condition to others I explain it like nails on a chalkboard.

I see posts on Facebook ‘If you hate the sound of chewing you probably have misophonia’ and friends tagging each other saying i totally have this omg. Misophonia is not just getting annoyed at someone smacking their lips. What they don’t see is the anxiety, depression and suicidal tendencies that can come along with this invisible condition.

My Experience

The first time I recall ever noticing the reaction was when I was 8 years old. My mumma was brushing my hair and my brother was shaking his leg and I was so angry and frustrated over it that I started to cry. Ever since that day it has gotten worse and worse. My parent’s chose to ignore it when they first understood that these certain sounds and movements would cause such a response. They ignored it in hope that it would go away with time and I definitely don’t blame them as I thought I was crazy for feeling this way. 

Sitting in a classroom, eating at a cafe, riding public transport all sounds like torture to me. Such everyday tasks for others are difficult for me and after going out to lunch I’m so drained from the mental and physical stress my body has gone through.

The reaction to these noises often causes me to have a panic attack sending me into fight or flight mode. Due to the response my brain has to these noises it causes me to stay at home alot, afraid to go out and hear the noises which are inescapable. Knowing that there is no 'cure' or proven treatment for misophonia is very disheartening and tends to make me feel hopeless as the disorder has caused my anxiety and depression. 

Misophonia needs recognition and not just known as 'chewing rage' for all the sufferers, so that one day there will be treatment.

So in the fall:winter I have to go up on my antidepressants. So I go back and forth between not being on enough, I just feel tired all the time, and enough, but I get pleasure out of nothing. Both options really suck. I know the antidepressants induce it because if I'm on a lot, the anhedonia is stronger. I'm sober and that is when I start thinking about drugs again. What is the point if I still feel like shit? I'm out of ideas honestly. I try eating healthy, exercise, no fap, nothing seems to work. Anyone else dealt with this?

So far I've only found Wellbutrin (bupropion). Has anyone had any luck with that drug? I'm currently taking St John's Wort but I'm not having much luck.
Morning routine as of tomorrow:
1) Wim Hof breathing method
2) Meditate 20-30mins (Throw in some gratitude/compassion if I'm really feeling it)
3) Run 30 mins
4) Pray that I get hit by lightning or a meteor.
Many thanks.
Several things I tried seem to have only worked the first time.
5-HTP seemed to make me feel better for a few weeks the first time, before I stopped because it seemed to be making no difference. Afterwards it might make a difference for a day or two when I started taking it, but even that is hard to tell.
The first bottle of SAMe seemed to help. I stopped that due to circumstances still supporting good mood. Afterwards it doesn't seem SAMe helped anymore.
One time while taking the combination of fish oil and evening primrose oil I spent a lot of time in an impressively happy state similar to what I remember from childhood. This seemed like the most impressive help of anything I ever tried. Later that combination seemed to do absolutely nothing at all.
Celexa seemed to work for me in a depression and anxiety treatment program but was worthless once I got home. I still felt different, but not in a beneficial way. I'm not sure if it was helping at all, or if it was just the treatment program environment that was helping.
What causes this? Were the initial experiences merely coincidences between taking the substances and feeling better, or did the benefits somehow fade?
I wonder if this is related to how some people say recreational drugs are best the first time. Though in my experience this is not really true. If I want to rely on just a drug itself to feel good, then it is true, but the combination of drugs and experiences which are not boring, otherwise enjoyable and synergistic, I can keep having great experiences.
My theory here is that one of the main benefits is disrupting habitual mental and behavioural patterns which keep you down. Being in an entirely new state due to a new substance disrupts them, but with continued use these patterns can emerge in that state. Plus it's more interesting to experience something for the first time.
One thing that never stopped working is DXM (dextromethorphan). I have carefully rationed my use and sometimes spent many months without using any. Nevertheless it doesn't seem like even such breaks can help with other stuff.

You will always feel like you are in a place of lack if you are not living in or walking toward your purpose. You have been imprinted with a purpose and a divine task; you possess a gift that is assigned to you, for you to specifically do and give to others. When we deviate from who we are, feelings such as loneliness, sadness, apprehension about the future and other self-depleting feelings overwhelm us. These feelings normally make us feel worse, demotivating us and reducing our energy in a way that makes us feel lost or stuck. This can be the start of mental health conditions such as anxiety and depression. 
 
A significant motivating factor that can take us away from our purpose is how we have learned to identify ourselves. We tend to identify our self based on who we have believed our self to be and how this molded itself into our core belief system. To the depths by which you do everything is dictated by what you believe to be true about yourself. Your feelings toward who you are show others how you feel about yourself and determine how they treat you.  Moreover, who you are and what you are void of internally dictates the types of relationships you find yourself in. No relationship you are in right now is by accident. That relationship speaks to some need of yours, functional or dysfunctional, and that need becomes your motivation for maintaining it.
 
Our identity begins to take shape in our early years through the values, beliefs, personalities and even flaws of our parents or caretakers. How we are raised by others often becomes the blueprint of the way we think and the way we feel about ourselves. Our individuality is to be cultivated, groomed and steered in a direction that allows us to be receptive to our natural gifts so we can feel whole and complete. We can be who we are suppose to be to others and we have adopted an internal nudge of encouragement that gives us strength and power to be confident in who we are because the natural order of edifying our identity was harvested. When the opposite occurs and consistent love, affection, validation and proper attachment is not nurtured into our lives we get further away from who we are suppose to be and migrate closer to the interpretation of our experiences. If we are consistently left in our experiences feeling unloved, unwanted, burdensome, insignificant, powerless, hopeless and so forth, we run the great risk of feeling alone and afraid- depressed and anxious.
 
If you feel like you're running on empty in life, go back to the basics. Find out who you are-your likes and dislikes. Examine yourself and determine what it is you are most in need of. I've found that when we settle down and get to a quiet place and do a self assessment many times our body will tell us just what we need. Reject any negative image you may have of yourself, grant yourself the gift of forgiving anyone who may have wronged you and allow yourself to love yourself. Discover who you are so you can begin experiencing living life whole and complete.

Semax
Selank
Tianeptine (not anticholinergic) - Stabilized my mood. Did not improve anhedonia. Increased anxiety (I have GAD), gave me panic, edged on a panic attack. I gave it only one try though, but I cannot handle another panic episode. YMMV.
Sarcosine
NAC
Magnesium
Zinc
Ketamine - Lifts mood, lifts anhedonia, lifts anxiety, holy shit. However, it causes permanent bladder damage when overused. Why? :(
GLYX-13 - Very expensive, not easily acquirable, too experimental at the moment
NRX-1074 - Very expensive, not easily acquirable, too experimental at the moment
NSI-189
BPC-157
Amisulpride - Antipsychotics scare me. Ridiculous amounts of side-effects. Not my cup of tea.
Sertraline - SSRIs don't even deserve a chance in my opinion.
Agomelatine - The listed side-effects on wikipedia are not exactly encouraging. Additionally, I don't like the thought of touching my melatonergic receptors. I have not tried it. This is only my opinion though.
Memantine - "Strong disruption of cognitive flexibility following low doses of memantine administration in the mouse. Regardless if in mouse." I don't like touching my cognition in this manner. Not my cup of tea unfortunately.
Agmatine
Bromantane - Increases buildup of Beta-Amyloid in the brain (Alzheimer). Not my cup of tea despite benefits. Have not tried it.
Nefiracetam - I'm a man. Testicular toxicity in dogs. Might not be the case in humans. Regardless, not my cup of tea.
Exercise - Stabilizes mood, gives sexy body, produces BHB (beta-Hydroxybutyric acid)
Ketogenic diet - Produces BHB, stabilizes mood, anxiolytic, causes mental clarity
No caffeine (anxiogenic and non-sustainable) - Anxiolytic, mood booster
No nicotine - Anxiolytic
No ethanol - Mood booster
Get your blood checked and supplement accordingly - Saves money, bedrock for supplementation
Any more people know of?
Has anyone ever tried prescription Deplin for depression?

I went to the psych the other day because I've been dealing with lots of depression, some irritability, stress, and apathy. She prescribed me lamictal, and upped my dose of lexapro to 20mg.
Just wondering if anyone has had experience with Lamictal for depression? If so, did it work? Any unwanted side effects? Would it make sense for me to be prescribed this for only depression-rather than bipolar or seizures (which its usually prescribed for)

Ugh, day 7 on 50 and I had a horrible bout of depression this morning. I just started crying out of nowhere, feeling like I was never gonna get better. I did some research, because I had to feel better somehow, and read that it can take 4-8 weeks to see positive effects after increasing a dose. Is this true? I can handle these feelings if it's just my brain getting used to the new dose but I wanted to be sure that that's true. The people were saying that around week 4 (this is day 32 on the meds, day 6 on the increased dose of 50 mg) they felt awful (which this technically is week 4 for me) so is that true? Is this depression just going to last through the next week or so and then taper off and I'll start feeling "me" again? I just wanted to check with someone/ others who have been here. Please do not give me negative feedback on how I should not be taking meds... I'm taking them. I've done hours of research to make this decision. I just want to know if this is normal/ if it's going to pass.