hey m 19, tonight i feel very depressed and just want someone to talk to so i can take my mind off this pain.

Lately I have been going through a lot of ups and downs. Life has honestly turned into a rollercoaster. I sometimes feel like no one understands me. I feel like no matter what i try to do I end up messing it up and end up a thousand times more nervous. I have developed various ticks due to constant nervousness. I used to smoke a large amount of weed to help escape but have stopped and in some way I'm glad cause I felt that it was really slowing me down and has caused some damage in the long run. I have felt lately that I'm getting back to how I used to be but am still lacking. I don't know why exactly I'm posting here other than I feel like I feel like I'm getting depressed and have reached a near state of constant anxiety to the point where I might as well be standing on nails nonstop. A bit of a more in depth look at me, I grew up in a foreign country and since i moved back home I have been viewed as a rich snob. I know that I have had a more entitled life than others but know that it was never easy. It got worse when I started self sabotaging, I went from drinking everyday to feel slightly happy and more relaxed. I then stopped the drinking and switched to weed. Having stopped smoking I feel like I'm constantly anxious. I know that not smoking after everything has caused some of the anxiety. My parents have tried everything to help but don't seem to understand the root of the problem. My wife seems to be unable to advise me or I feel like she has no compassion for my situation cause she had a much harder life. I sometimes get her when she says man up that my situation is not as bad but it feels that after a bit it feels like everything around me is crumbling. I apologize for the long windedness and hope to just hear a friendly voice or to hear some encouragement cause lately all I hear (especially from myself) is how I can't seem to do right.

I've started a blog and I thought maybe some folks here would have some advice. I'm currently on short-term disability for my depression and anxiety. I've got a good team of professionals to help me, but everyone was "so shocked" there was anything wrong, because I've suppressed so much for so long.
I'm writing to try and become transparent about my illness, to hopefully take a few swings at the stigmas, and maybe to help people. If you'd like to read, I'd love some feedback, maybe some ideas on what to deeper-dive into for future posts. I'm starting to get a flow of consciousness, but am having a hard time breaking down the barriers and getting into the ugliness - that's what needs the light most.
Maybe if you'd like to give some shared experience comments; a little encouragement is always welcome as well <3
Cheers
http://www.everythingisfineimjustcrazy.com/

A research group at the University of Virginia is interested in learning more about how individuals with depression approach the day-to-day management of their health. If you might be interested in participating, please continue to this link https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/PJP7RNQ. Individuals who are selected for and complete a 45-minute interview will receive a $20 gift card in compensation. Feel free to pass this link on to others you believe would be interested. Thank you!

My friend has dealt with depression and anxiety for a few years and she has opened up to me many on many occasions and I love being able to listen to her and let her know she is loved. But lately she's been getting a lot of anxiety in which she thinks I hate her or eventually will be sick of her. The more she opens up about her struggles it seems the more susceptible she is to fear being left alone. What can I do in those times-- do I give her space and wait for her to let me know she needs help, or stay persistent and let her know I'm not going any where? How should I respond to her thoughts when she thinks I hate her for no reason?

Title. I could really use someone to talk to tonight.

I'm having a rough time right now and going through some things where my anxiety and depression keep dragging me down. My roommates have not really experienced someone with anxiety before really. At least not someone who gets attacks. During the recovery of one of my episodes, I came up with this writing in the notes of my iPhone. So here it is. I just needed somewhere to share it without being judged. Feel free to share your thoughts however.
What does anxiety feel like?
It feels like there's a constant buzzing. Like that static on the TV? Except it's always there. And at times it just gets louder and louder and louder. To the point where you can't even think or control yourself. You feel like an outsider looking in sometimes to know what you're feeling and doing isn't normal or right, but you can only handle it after it passes. Anxiety attacks are different for each person. I myself scratch and scratch like I'm itchy but I'm not. And I don't stop. It burns and hurts but I can't stop, I have to keep scratching and scratching until it's okay. Everything will be okay, won't it?

Hi, I'm from New Zealand. I have experienced depression in the past and am currently addressing ongoing anxiety.
I don't have a lot of friends, I have always found this very difficult. I'd really like to have someone just to talk to. I'd be happy talking about anything- mental health or just day to day topics.
A bit about me; I am studying nursing, working as a dental assistant, I like music and horror movies, I have a cat named Indica, I get lonely all the time.
Hope to hear from someone that I can listen to and keep company soon!

I have a long standing issue with depression. I'm stable now, but am just beginning to build a life for myself, have difficult circumstances, and could use a buddy.
Hey
So yeah, I created this chat room for talking and making friends and whatever... So far it has 0 members so I guess we need more people (I might edit this number a few times if we get any members). If you feel like talking (hmm... typing, actually, as I don't feel very comfortable using voice chat... unless someone really wants to, you know) just follow the link bellow! I'm online very often to talk and moderate and I don't plan on closing the room so even if this post is months old, if nothing is edited out, the server is still up!
Please don't be shy, I'm really fucking shy myself so I try to make people comfortable. Hope you drop by!
https://discord.gg/dCyFT4Y

Hey people. 31/M. If anyone wants to chat or hang out that would be cool. I moved here about a year and a half ago and no real friends here.

Hi there, im here to offer a friendly ear, currently doing one hell of a load of studying and listening to Souxsie and the banshee's wanna chat? PM me

Hello,
I am looking for web-developers who may also be depressed, and/or who want to help people suffering from depression, anxiety and such. I´m working on a blog and for the future I am planning to do podcasts and youtube. Maybe releasing ebooks later. Working on that also distracts my from my depressing thoughts.
I am a developer and want to help others. Create content to help people, to comfort them, to keep telling them to go on, etc.
And I am looking for people to team up with and create all that together, also looking for friends.
I´d love to hear from you :)

Hey all,
I'm one of the organizers of a text based chat group on Skype. It's for anyone who is feeling lonely or suffering from depression and sometimes just needs to vent or talk to others in real time.
It's a pretty small group of about 16 people right now that are all very friendly and supportive, but it has been a great resource for me, and for a lot of the members who don't always have anyone to talk to during these hard times.
If anyone would like to join please feel free to PM me, and I'll add you to it via Skype. Questions are always welcome also!
-And for those wondering, the age range of the group is around 20-34

Hi,i suffer with depression and anxiety,ive lost a lot of people in my life and pretty seem isolated from the world,im looking for people just to chat to,doesn't always have to be depression,but someone who will understand and that im not bothering

First post, so I'm just going to throw it to the wind and figure out what I should do from there. This is literally going to be a release so I don't fall apart.. I don't know if talking will help or listening, but something is better than letting myself sink deeper.
Background, which you can totally skip if you'd like. Depression isn't something that's just recently started up for me. I'd known even from a young age that my depression, high anxiety, and learning disabilities existed. But for a long time, I just didn't know what exactly they were. I was clinically diagnosed with the lot when I was in 2nd grade, and experienced repeatedly failing treatment from pills to people, up until 5th when my parents started to refuse to take me to get help. Even though I was starting to make progress in some aspects. It was always the other part of myself, my imaginative inner child, that brought me back to the world so it ended up being okay at first. But as I've gotten older, I've lost that self. Growing up my mom and step-dad stopped acknowledging the growing problems I had and actually made me feel ashamed for being faulted. It got worse during puberty and resulted in my 3 past suicidal scares, and I don't think I ever properly went about fixing the root cause. I tried to move on, but the dark spots are still there regardless.
So I went through high school and college at the same time, mostly to avoid bullies, and ended up getting my bachelors much earlier than my peers. Now I'm at one of the top/hardest schools in the nation for Dentistry, and am the youngest in the class at 21. Which basically means yeah, I literally am the socially awkward definition of a kid in college. No trouble, no friends, no social life but prefect grades and that's what I was told mattered most.
I saw the depression begin to creep up a few months into my first semester. But I beat it back with a stick and kept moving. I've done my usual thing and become well established and known, with a top ranking class leadership position and lots of community work. I've actually been nicknamed the "class mom", which is ironic, and the "bulldog" of the class, which I don't like but I get what needs to be done done no matter the hurdles. So I stay busy. I mean like so busy, I only sleep 3-5 hours a night and haven't had time to even cook or do laundry in 3 weeks. Which I know isn't good, but it kinda feels like what I have to do to get through this first year of dental school.
For the first time since I was a kid, I went to see a therapist because I was afraid it'd get out of hand fast. We had weekly sessions for a while, but then it was clear to me she wasn't helping but actually making it worse in most aspects. That's how it works right? There are days that are at the normal level (or at least at the average level for a test day) of insanity, like today - which should mean they're easier to deal with right? False. Harder in my opinion. My motivation is gone, energy, everything just out the damn window. And I feel utterly helpless in fighting it right now.. my head feels swollen from just fog. No idea if that makes a shit-lick of sense but whatever.
When I started Dental school, it was the first time I had ever moved away from home and it was a big across state-lines move. And whatever little friends I did have at home have dropped me like a rock. I don't fit in well, if at all, with my fellow classmates and haven't made any friends since starting. And yes, I have been trying. I don't talk to my parents anymore, and my boyfriend of a little over a year is now 8 hours away and has started to push me away emotionally. I mentioned that I've started to become depressed to him, but haven't told him the extent of it. Mostly because I don't want him to think I'm trying to bridge the distance with my emotions.
I've started using alcohol as an outlet to help my brain deflate on the daily and have started taking uppers just to be able to get out of bed in the morning. And sometimes because laying down to sleep means personal thinking, which has become really depressing. In addition to everything else, my body image has gone to shit and I definitely don't eat enough anymore. Effect of the special gift from the past bullies and barbies of an everlasting scar on my confidence.
I don't have anyone I feel that I can talk with. Professional help doesn't help. I'm starting to lose myself. I don't know what to do at this point, and don't have the motivation to keep trying to figure it out.
Depression loves to take root in developed brains and break them down. And I don't know if I've hit the maturity point of my twenties yet, to be equipped to handle myself properly.

I think it would be better if I wasn't alone with this so much. I'm just looking for someone who likes sending and receiving messages and having good conversation. I'm in a transitional phase right now and could really use the support so if you're so inclined please reach out. I would welcome a message from you.

hello, my name is jake and i'd like someone to talk to please...

Hey. Having quite a hard time with depression/anxiety and would love someone to listen, and I'd love to help you out as well.

I've got shoulders to take your weight for however long you need. Plenty of optimism too, take whatever you want.
I'm Al. Come say hello.
I've been off and on these past couple months. Family is gone, friends are always busy. Weight of adulthood is crippling. PM if you need someone to talk to
Hi there, just putting this out there again, anyone need to chat or rant or just want a buddy PM and lets chat.

I really don't know what to do anymore I feel myself growing more tired by the day and I don't know many more days I will be able to crawl out of bed.

I called the suicide hotline number I don't remember how many years ago. He asked if I was going to kill myself, and I said probably not. I just wanted to talk to someone, because of how horrible I was feeling. I talked for a few seconds, and he cut me off, saying there were other people with more urgent needs, then hung up :/
Sometimes, I just want a stranger to talk to anonymously when I'm feeling like complete, and total shit. It made me feel like crap, and I haven't called since then.

Hi- I'm unemployed and depression/anxiety issues makes it challenging for me to look for work. I'm hoping to meet a buddy who is also looking for a job so we can help keep each other accountable. (I'm 41 F).

i never realized that this sub existed until i started lurking through /r/depression like i do somewhat habitually. i don't have the greatest of support systems, so why not try to find one in a place where there are people who don't know me personally?
there's not much for me to say. i'm a nineteen-year-old girl, and i have depression. i have been dealing with depression for a few years now but have only just recognized that last year. whether that's because i legitimately didn't know or just repressed it, i'm unsure... but here i am.
i don't have the most solid support system out there, so i'd love to connect with others who struggle in the same ways as me. whether that be to share experiences and learn new things from each other, or just to be friends who just so happen to both suffer from depression. or both. both is good.
so... all that to say, just shoot me a pm if you ever want to talk! i like making new friends. i also have skype if you prefer. hope to hear from someone soon!

I want to help. I'm open minded, I'm a good listener, and I love making new friends. If you're feeling depressed and need someone to vent to, or just want to chat about movies, guitars, and video games, I'm here if anyone needs a friend. :)

hey people. i'm looking for someone to talk and i'm a good listener too! i speak english and spanish and i can connect to Skype or Kik, or whichever way you want

hey people. i'm looking for someone to talk and i'm a good listener too! i speak english and spanish and i can connect to Skype or Kik, or whichever way you want

I suffer from chronic depression and severe anxiety, along with having debilitating diseases, so I understand what most are going through. If you are looking for someone to vent too, or just need a shoulder to cry on please feel free to message me. I also have Skype. Remember that you matter, you are not alone, and never ever give up!

I've been really depressed and need someone to talk to. Not just about my problems but to be actual friends with. I lost everything including my fiancee and I'm struggling to cope. From the name I take it I can make a friend or 2 here. I really hope you don't abandon me like everyone else though. I hope this is the right place to make a friend. I really need someone rn.

I'd like to just say thanks the every single person that helps people. And to every single person fighting the fight. Keep fighting there is light at the end of the tunnel. Suffered depression for years, I've been sectioned serval times and on just about every type of medication there is. Although I seem to be in a good part of my life where I seem to be doing well, I still have bad days. And I'm always willing to talk to genuine people in need, and try to help if I can. Ive always found it easier to talk to people that have suffered or is suffering then I have to people that hasn't.

"My life overall's just been really miserable and empty lately and the loneliness is getting uncomfortably strangling. I thought I would reach out for anyone to talk to, especially since the few people I do talk to online are probably getting sick of me. I don't know if should leave my skype or whatever or just message people here, but it'd be great to feel less alone."

I've been badly depressed for the past two and a half years. I'm stuck at a job I don't like, that's not in my field, that pays barely over minimum even though I hold an MA. To get better pay, I need a job in my field. To get a job in my field, I have to get out of my small town. To get out of my small town, I need money. Most of my money is sucked straight into credit card and student loan payments. I lived outside of my means when I was in school. I used my cards for basic expenses over my summer in Texas, and I don't regret it, that was one of the best times in my life. The more I'm out of school the more I lose my sense of purpose and direction. But when I was in school, it was only a matter of reading whatever I wanted, I didn't think about what it actually meant to have to move someplace and find a job, make use of your degree, and earn a reasonably decent salary. I kinda just trusted and feared at the same time, the sureness of the academic conveyor belt, that I'd stick within the system where I'm thriving, get a doctorate, teach a couple classes and write a whole bunch of interesting shit and get this perverse enjoyment from the existential angst of everything I'm writing. It's cultural history, existential angst comes with the territory, and it's the only way I can make myself feel relevant. But I've lost all of that now. I'm working for nine bucks an hour typing up schedules and conducting phone interviews and collecting payroll donations and explaining the W-4 to new hires for the nth time, when it's so fucking simple if you just read the words on the page in order and ignore the sections that obviously do not apply to you. I budget $15 a week for groceries. I earn too much to qualify for food stamps. I'm strained and stuck and I've got a self-destructive streak, to boot. My meds aren't working. It's a month before I get in with my psychiatrist, and who knows how many months before we find the right combination of stuff. There's no way I'm going to survive the holiday rush. I've survived it two years already, in this job. But I'm getting new responsibilities, and at the same time upper management is getting more attentive to my mistakes on things like schedules and spreadsheets and losing track of what phone calls I need to follow up with. I know I can't do my job because I'm depressed, but at the same time I believe it would be irrational to be happy with my job.
I'm writing all this because I'm dissatisfied. I've been dissatisfied before. Enduring dissatisfaction is an easy, inert default for me. It's also a stupid decision. It's horrifically bad for my health. Settling for inertia makes me feel like a piece of shit.
There have only been a few times in my life that I've had close friends. When that happens, so much of the time I'm just talking to one person, often in a relationship, or one of their friends. They can only have so much perspective. Some of my worst decisions in life, I made because I didn't have that one more perspective to tell me the obvious things, or, the things that would be obvious from some measure of distance. I stayed in relationships that offered me nothing but irritability and contempt, because I had no other friend in my life besides my partner to tell me that I was involved in an unhappy relationship. I have prolonged my own agony because that's what I know how to do. Because for all the beautiful shit that I can write for a seminar paper or a thesis chapter or some piece of prose-poetry that no one is ever going to read, I am also basically stupid. I need help from someone else just to notice how I feel about my current situation, and to get some ideas about what would be the normal way for a person to react. I need... interpretation. I want to tell someone about the boring things that happen day to day. I want feedback, I want the randomest bits of advice that will get me thinking about what I'm doing and what's happening from a new direction. Therapy isn't enough. Plus my insurance is about to cut me off for the year, and I need more than the one hour of conversation in the middle of November, that's all I can get, if I want to survive this holiday season. I don't know what else to do, but continue to survive.

Humans are subject to changes, we won't be happy all the time. Same applies to sadness, it doesn't last forever. Perhaps time goes slower when you are depressed that has been proven certainly. I've gone in and out of countless times when life doesn't feel like having purpose anymore. A crisis is a difficult time but its also a bright opportunity to make a choice and come stronger after it has passed. We learn from our mistakes as everything we experience becomes a part of us and that is a privilege. Don't give up, fellow redditor, fellow human, fellow brother and sister. Don't give up, you can do it and you are not alone! If you feel like talking please PM me and we will talk it out. Take care and star strong.

I'm in my late 30's, revel in dark humor, photography and classic rock, and I've got some bad depression hanging around me, again. I'm pretty done with this life.
Please, is there anybody out there? Just nod if you can hear me.

I have no friends anymore cause I just got moved away from all of them, which has of course intensified. I also stopped a treatment that was really helping me. I just need some people who understand and want to talk and desire friendship and camaraderie.

It has for me. I am grateful beyond words to them, When I stabilize, I'm definitely going to offer to be one to someone else to pay it forward. Whoever started this sub has saved lives and I honestly wish more people who go to r/depression and r/suicidewatch knew about this place.

That's my first thought about this place. Not that I actually ever called them but... seeing how fucked up my life has been recently, I wouldn't be surprised if I do. ANYWAY. What's up guys? I'm about as fucked up as they come so I won't go over the obvious. I like music, tv shows, and daydreams about finding my long lost ambition one day.
This might sound super picky but I guess I like people who have really dark humor while simultaneously being super kind on the inside. That's how I see myself and it's kind of tough to find like minded people so... that's why I'm here. But at the end of the day I'm not picky at all, just looking for someone that can relate with the struggle.

Hey im typing this right before i head out to work. But my life has been pretty bleak since I came out of prison 4 years ago. I dont have any close friends anymore. Most of them are dead or locked up doing long long stints. And the rest live a lifestyle I cant be apart of (drugs,illegal activities, etc) I just feel so isolated from everything. My will is weak and my pretend face at work breaks down more often these days. As a male hairstylist in a pretty affluent area talking to my cients about their lives just make mine that much more depressing. Idk what to do with myself anymore.

Feel totally out of place everywhere. Maybe its my own problem. Just feel isolated. Havent had a close friend in years. Have to be fake with everyone all the time. Like some kind of mental prison where I have to pretend all the time. Im pretty sure im doing this wrong. My only outlet is media consumption and alchohol consumption. It would be nice to talk to someone who doesnt give a fuck.

I'm so depressed right now and theres no point to my life... Broke up with my boyfriend a while back and its killing me, I cant stop thinking about it even now. Ended up moving to a new city with horrendous people in it (Manchester)... I have no friends, I spend all my time alone and depressed... I'm just existing and not living and I'm starting to lose the will to live

I just heard about this great program & ap called 7 cups of tea. It's an online support forum for people wanting to talk about their depression or any kind of issue they are having. You can do it anonymously and speak with support volunteers. Just thought I'd share in case anyone wanted to vent.

Being dealing with this since I was a teenager, I want someone to talk with and you know just let it all out. Talk about anything and being open.
I really don't know what else to say really.
I'm really open to talk about anything I just need a buddy to talk to.
Thanks!


I'm a 30 year old lady who has seen my fair share of life's storms. If you need to ask a question, vent or you also like fun, clean chat, then message me and tell me a little about yourself. This offer is open to anyone who needs a friend on their side!

If the Shadow is looming, give me a call. Maybe I can help you find a flashlight.